this is going to be fun there's so many
exciting things happening in Tech today
there's the Apple Vision Pro the release
of the 480 super and we'll be mostly
ignoring all of it to build a sick
wooden PC two years ago we built our
first wooden PC for winter Cotten that
was pretty sweet but after that video
came out we got a call from Matthew Chu
of mxc builds who told us yeah I think I
can make an even better wood PC and I've
been told that he did you see for years
Matthew has been designing and hand
building wooden computers that are
absolutely gorgeous and he made this one
specially for us what that means
is I really really don't want to damage
it no I'm not going to damage it it's on
the table it's on the table Alex no no
no no no look look look see look
geometry it's fine what that means is we
have the incredibly stressful task at
least for Alex of doing this handbuilt
PC case Justice in a live stream what
isn't stressful though is telling you
that this live stream is sponsored by
xplit if you need Cutting Edge yet
simple to use broadcasting and streaming
tools check out xplit you can even save
69% off your first purchase or
subscription with code Linus if you go
through the link below more about them
later for now it's time to unbox our
case and the most remarkable thing about
it is not immediately apparent when you
look at it but that it is handbuilt
using normal woodworking tools in fact
the video where it gets built is on his
channel which uh I don't know the link
is not here but Alex is apparently ready
and waiting with it oh my
God yeah it's like hand buil hand built
so this is like but then I was all who
needs power for the rest of this
process that
is sick so the video is called wood
delicious exclamation mark question mark
I don't think the question mark is
really necessary because it's clearly
wood Licious the front panel was laser
cut for us by a local shop but
everything else was done with a circular
saw a jigsa and files every case that
Matthew does takes one to three months
to build he just kind of does this in
his free time there are no orders for
customers or anything like that but you
can buy his plans on Etsy for 15
Australian dollars which for Americans
is like nothing
basically the front panel is birch
plywood and the rest of it is solid
Australian gum I do have one bit of
feedback for Matthew um all of the
rubber feet already came off oh it
wasn't like that oh it wasn't like that
did we ru took it out what's that well I
think you did right now no no no no no
they were all on and then as I was
turning the case they all came off so
the adhesive is a little bit yeah you
know what that that that's okay that's a
minor issue we have replacement feed
over in the other side we're going to go
grab some before the end of the show and
realistically there's no ventilation on
the bottom anyway so you could just
plunk it down if you wanted to but come
come come on come come come on andtie
come take a closer look at this okay
this is super
cool are these
magnetic yes oh they triy to be anyway
there we
go
oo tempered glass side
panels God uh yeah no no no I'm not
going to break it I'm not going to break
it that's actually a pretty cool Mount
it's really on there oh my God this wood
is amazing I've never seen Australian
gum before I assumed that their gum
would be horrible based on that they eat
veite so why would I chew Australian gum
but is a joke Australian spotted gum is
is tree uh come come check this out
though Andy this has a really cool
graen 3D printed grills of course we put
our asset tag sticker on it you know
what um I'm going to break the rules and
I'm going to remove our asset tag
sticker because like I said before this
build is all about doing Justice to this
case we
have a number of different approaches
that we take when we do a build uh
either we'll build it with a particular
task in mind or we'll build it with a
particular game in mind or in this case
we're building it around a particular
component and the first one is of course
the case and the second one is actually
going to be the ram I know that's a very
very unusual choice for a component to
build around but these are pretty
unusual memory sticks I am holding 16
gigs of a total of 32 gigs of vcolor X
Sky we were first drawn to it because of
its extremely shiny exterior hey thanks
Alex he's got me
um and the reason for that is that we
think that it is going to look fantastic
reflecting the beautiful spotted gum
wood grain I'm actually on the wrong
side of the case here right now but Andy
check this
out how good is that going to look can
you see the
reflection no yeah you got to come come
come over here come over here
o now on top of good looks these V
colors are rated for a blistering 7200
megat transfers per second they're not
the fastest RAM on the market uh G skill
for example will sell you some Ram that
That's rated at 8,000 megat transfers
per second but we have never had any
luck getting anywhere near those speeds
this VC color meanwhile is Rog certified
which means that it should go all the
way to 7400 megatrans per second in an
Rog z790 motherboard which the Keen
night among you will notice this is not
so here's the thing we were going to go
z790 for this build and then we went
shopping and we realized that the z790 I
was
640 Canadian dollars and I get it
Canadian money
worthless well not worthless that's
almost $500 US so
after throwing up in our mouths a little
bit we decided that we would be
perfectly happy with the b760 I
especially because God it's like on the
higher end chip hip sets a big part of
the benefit is especially on the AMD
side that you get all these extra pcie
lanes and it's like what am I going to
plug into them there's one GPU slot and
typically a Max of two m.2 slots on
these ITX boards I've seen some with
more but it's very unusual so Asus
claims that this board should be good
for up to 7600 megat transfer per second
ram so as long as we've got a CPU that
has a good integrated memory controller
we should be able to get the best
possible performance out of our Ram we
do lose overclocking support but frankly
we've had very little luck overclocking
when it comes to 14 10 here you want
come get close up uh because Intel is
clocking them so close to their absolute
limits right out of the factory anyway
oh man that's
shiny what's shinier this or Trident Z
rolls you know I'm actually very
surprised Alex to see you go with super
shiny Ram cuz as I recall you were not a
big fan of G skills tried Z Royals no I
love those you remember how much I used
them oh wait no yeah all the comp all
the um sleepers never mind it wasn't you
me no it was you and a bunch of other
people The Royals are they're they're
they're very polarizing I love them yeah
yeah whereas some people feel like we
should abolish
them anyone anyone else get it oh
because of the Royals yes
monarchy um anyway we also don't have an
industrial Chiller so thermals are going
to stop us uh from getting more
performance out of this thing long
before the overclocking support of our
motherboard is an issue uh I realized we
haven't really like gotten any close-ups
or anything kind of like we would in a
normal build video but this is a live
stream so what the hey it's more about
you know talking to you fine folks
anyway why don't I pull up my live chats
here how you guys doing what is this
video about
asks a a boring title okay first of all
I think we chose a perfectly good title
so I think your username is an unfair
attack second we're building a computer
in this sick case look how beautiful it
is now uh quick thing I just wanted to
shout out uh the social accounts for mxc
builds so instagram.com mxc builds uh
youtube.com/watch Mark V equals Capital
B5 lowercase z capital Z lowercase k
capital G lowercase w lowercase n and
then all caps
lie why I'm going to try not to read too
much into that why is that how you
decided to do that well it's just mxe
Builds on YouTube well that's that's
what you wrote I just read whatever's on
the Instagram I just read whatever's on
the prompter go [__] yourself
Vancouver wait oh no oh no you can't you
can't bleep it it's a it's a it's a
reference don't worry about it anyway
anyway the last one uh is he's on etsy
etsy.com mxc builds okay
the okay we did we did warn the float
plane chat that this stream was going to
go a little off the rails I told you
this would
happen anyway as I already outlined one
of our big goals for this build is
getting the most out of this memory and
for that going ITX can actually be an
advantage and I have a prop motherboard
here ah an at motherboard to hold up and
talk to you guys about why that is the
trace length to the ram is actually
physically shorter not the first slot
okay so not slot A1 here but slot B1
doesn't have slot A2 in between it
anymore see they are right next to each
other this helps with signal Integrity
quite a lot and the reason for that is
that a distance and B if you were to use
uh here oh oh yeah okay
um yeah no really mainly comes down to
distance also when you load up all four
memory slots on an ATX motherboard we
actually for the most part yeah I don't
think we've recommended loading up all
four slots in a system in years at this
point yeah they haven't done that sort
of a configuration for quite a while
where it makes sense and the reason for
that is that if you use the first and
third slots the signal will bounce off
the end of the wires in the other slots
and it can cause interference which is
why you will typically especially if
you're running high-capacity dims you'll
have trouble getting the same kind of
speed if you're running all four sticks
versus just two
so we've got just one memory stick per
Channel they are physically closer to
the CPU and the traces are exactly as
long as they need to be all right this
is going pretty well so far I feel like
we're going to be done this build in
like 20 minutes at this rate great it
always feels like that though and then
we get
to the all-in-one liquid cooling no no
not yet let's talk about the CPU next
and get that installed we've gone with
here we go a core i7
14700 K 20 cores eight of which are P or
performance cores 12 of which are e or
efficiency cores and is anyone else
wondering you know how Intel is going to
manage The Branding and messaging for
the new what are they low power
efficiency cores is that what they're
calling the ones on meteor Lake i h no I
haven't heard about this okay so Alex
hasn't got his meteor Lake briefing yet
so I'm going to give him the explanation
at the same time as I talked to you guys
about it so on meteor Lake which is
there is that also 14th gen branding no
no no right cuz that's core Ultra that's
the first gen core Ultra
branding okay so on meteor Lake you've
got performance cores or PE cores you've
got efficiency cores or ecourse and
those are on like the compute die like
the the actual CPU die then they have
these new low power ecor that are on the
S so die so those are really cool
because you can light those up when you
just when your system's running a
Windows update or something and it can
leave the whole compute tile powered
down essentially I mean it's never
completely powered down in that context
but it can be basically powered down but
what's challenging is uh my
understanding is those don't perform as
well as ecor so we had this really
simple okay here I want to get the
closeup of the install we had this
really simple system where you had CPU
cores and then intel was like um
actually no we're going to have some
that are like performance cores and some
that are efficiency cores but don't
worry we're going to keep things really
simple it's just p and E performance
efficiency and then they were like hm
couple Generations later three
generations later we're going to mix it
up we're going to have like e
cores efficient efficient cores uh none
of this really matters from a gaming
standpoint those eight performance cores
are going to handle the vast majority of
games pretty much on their own yes I
know about City skylines too yes that
will consume all the CPU compute that
this thing could possibly muster but for
basically everything else there's
MasterCard sorry there's the the
performance the performance course uh
these will Turbo up to 5.6 GHz
really 253 wats max
power well it does more than that
because of course it does yeah Intel
it's always funny to
me you know what the quickest way to
identify a fanboy
is anytime they talk about how that
particular brand is known for like too
much heat or bad efficiency or good
efficiency or or very little Heat
because let me tell you every single one
of the big three so here I'm talking
about your Intel your AMD ATI and your
Nvidia has had a period in their history
where their efficiency and their
thermals sucked and were terrible no
Intel is not known for being
efficient even before the current
generation Tom Foolery anyone else
remember Pentium d
no that was that was a mess man I
remember uh because I was working at NC
at that time and from time to time uh
the guys would come out of the tech shop
and they'd be like hey mine is check out
this uh check out this board okay these
were single core processors that would
run so hot and overload the vrms on
especially those those older generation
motherboards so hard that the entire
back of the board would be dis colored
in an area this big around the CPU
socket it would be just Brown so you'd
have like you know that blue that ack
used to use back in the day for their
pcbs you have these blue pcbs that were
just Brown in an area this big around
the back of the socket like they were a
mess and don't kid yourself AMD has had
their own periods of just atrocious
power efficiency allo are I mean that
was like almost a 10e period for AMD
anyway um the screws for this appear to
be quite um DIY orientated I don't
actually see motherboard mounting screws
Alex am I supposed to have any or am I
just going to forage for myself cuz I
can do that well first you should worry
about the aiio I should oh AIO goes in
first before the CPU yes oh okay sure
anyway we picked this chip cuz it's 400
bucks on new egg versus $575 for the I9
and we don't expect any appreciable
difference in in gaming performance man
that's something that I feel like
even even smart media like even people
who know better have kind of been drawn
into is using core i9s for gaming you do
not need a core I9 for gaming it's
utterly
unnecessary um what you will need if you
do go with a core I9 or realistically
any high-end Intel chip these days is
pretty substantial cooling so we've gone
with the aorus liquid cooler 280 and the
main reason that we went with this is
because it was the one that would work
in this case even then it was actually
kind of a struggle the case was designed
around the Arctic cooling liquid freezer
2 2080 mm so that's the same radiator
size but a slightly different cooler uh
we had to change that one out because
Intel being Intel decided to ever so
slightly change up their CPU mounting
with LGA 17 00 it's their current socket
for 12th 13th and 14th gen processors
and we don't have that bracket for the
freezer too so we also tried oh look at
this Alex has props yeah we also tried
the Kraken 280 um but wait we didn't we
didn't like that one because oh the it
just physically does not work oh so is
it just that the end tanks are ever so
slightly oh like bigger or the thick oh
it's thicker no the problem's here so it
is thicker it's it's on the motherboard
that's where we have the issues oh so if
you look you try and put it this way it
hits your RAM you turn it this way so
the tubes don't H A Little Closer Andy
okay I got I got it and then you have to
have your outputs for your other stuff
so that's coming out
like uh yeah yeah you you get the
problem it hits the ram it hits the RAM
and the ram is the center of this build
because
we've we thought it was shiny we thought
it was shiny oh my God okay well anyway
there you have it
guys so we're going with this thing and
I guess I get to Mountain a while I
don't know maybe we do some merch
messages Dan do we have the merch
message dashboard turned on today yeah
yeah I've got a couple here for you if
you want Co no I don't I don't want you
don't want I was just asking we'll do it
later then no no we can do it now okay
yeah we can do it now if you insist by
the way I love those headphones they're
they're nice aren't they yeah they get a
little uncomfortable after 5 hours but I
mean 5 hours is a long time to wear any
headphones
true yeah you want great though Dan you
look great only for you uh let's see
when are you going to do more fir Tru
unboxings you
know is it time to talk about this Alex
how dangerously close we got to buying a
firet truck
sure on
Craigslist I found like a 1950s era fire
truck and this was a couple of years
back when we were looking for something
to do as our April Fool's joke for that
year and I thought to myself man how
funny would it be if we bought and
unboxed you know I mean obviously it's
it wouldn't be in a box because it's a
truck uh but if we bought and unboxed a
literal actual fir Tru and uh that that
got as far as asking Ivonne how the
accounting would work for it um because
we would obviously be like reselling it
immediately so is there any way to um is
there any way to buy it um PST I think
it's PST uh provincial sales tax exempt
because we're buying it to resell but it
turns out if you plan to use it before
you resell it that that doesn't work so
we're kind of look looking at the cost
for it like is there any way to optimize
the cost of this transaction so that
it's not any more ridiculous than it
already has to be and the answer was no
and I think it was going to cost us
somewhere in the neighborhood of around
$10,000 does that ring a bell I don't
remember 10 or 15 I don't think the
thing was even verified running at the
time uh although I think they were
saying the pump worked so if you wanted
it for like you know a fun exhibit at
like a kids you know Activity Center or
something like that then it would have
worked great for that but uh as an
actual truck not so much um Alex yeah
does this just kind of does this just
kind of go in here oh instructions yeah
instructions oh cool oh wow okay remove
the eight screws oh what a wonderful
excuse to talk about the fact that bit
prices are going up on the LT
screwdriver in probably the next few
months so if you want to pick up a set
of hex bits or um any of the other
different bit sets that we've got then
go and check that out we've got all the
different colors of screwdrivers
available on there right now we've got
noctua we've got the uh retro driver the
totally non-infringing retro driver the
classic black driver uh let's go ahead
and see uh yes metric thank you my
Commonwealth friend for using metric hat
on your case um Dan I forget what that
question was did I answer it I think I
think that counts as an answer yeah yeah
yeah all right cool good stuff yeah all
right let's follow some instructions
want to hit me with another merch
message yeah sure um hey Lads with the
Raspberry Pi IPO announcement what other
single board computers are you looking
to for new
excitement oh that's a good question um
you know
personally I think that we are very
close to well not I think I hope that we
are very close to seeing um more risk
five options in single board computers
not necessarily because I think that
there's going to be a significant
performance advantage to risk 5 in that
space But because a lot of people learn
development on these on these lowcost
computers
and I'm rooting for risk five I mean I
know I'm not supposed to be a fan
of anything but you know risk risk five
is not not a a company it's more of an
idea um it's a way to make Computing
more affordable more accessible more
open um I think it's really aligned with
the mission of I mean I have no idea
what didn't they previously go by raspy
Foundation yeah like I have no idea what
someone like Ras pie foundation's
Mission ends up looking like when
they've gone IPO because when you go
IPO um it's about the money and anything
else is for
show really no applause no nothing yeah
that's thanks down that's about all I
deserved for that I got I got a um like
it's not a golf clap because you didn't
make any noise at all so I got like a
what what what do we what do we call
what do we call this clap a Pity clap
pity clap I don't I I wasn't really
listening I don't really listen to you
much it's like half listening I'm so
sorry that's fair I mean he's busy he's
busy doing things like updating his
resume I don't like doing the cover
letters it's too much effort I just have
to work here forever really is a really
is a lot of work although Dan's actually
pretty good at writing which you guys uh
which you guys might not know about him
am I we should have a new I think so oh
okay good yeah I mean every time you've
sent me anything it seemed good good
yeah I mean I got a lot of practice with
all the documentation yeah yeah man
Dan's had to do some Dan's had to do
some wild documentation stuff so can I
just can I just say I actually really
like
this man how easy was that I feel like
metal case manufacturers could learn a
thing or two I mean I guess when you
don't have riveting as an option you're
not going to put rivets in your case but
this is great you just take off one
panel with a hand of screws and then
this mid plate is just held in with a
simple sliding friction mount and by the
way guys I don't know much about joinery
so that's like the art of very very fine
woodworking but this is the tolerances
on this are so tight that I'm not even
sure if I can get this back in um so I
think that usually indicates good
joinery right yes sure I think so I'm
just a little bit scared when you so
that you can't get it back in oh why was
I not supposed to take it out no I was
supposed to take it oh I was supposed to
slide it enough to allow the aiio to be
installed I see and this my friends is
why you read the text and don't just
look at the pretty
pictures that right there is a tech to
um oh boy hold on a second well we we'll
worry about that once the AIO is yeah
we'll worry about that later oh no oh
okay yeah all right well anywh who uh
sure Slide the motherboard enough to
allow the AO to be installed I still
don't know where the AIO is supposed to
go insert the aiio in the orientation
shown okay I think I can do that it
looks like it goes like this oh there go
all the screws
oh you know I think I can do this hold
on this is one of those uh can you be
can you play the role of NPC for me so
we just need a little exclamation Mar
Mark above his head I have a for so yeah
so I I come up and um uh what can I do
for you good sir my screws they have
dropped can you please pick them up
eight yes um and what kind of exp reward
can I be expecting for this uh you can
continue the live stream ah good okay uh
okay uh uh uh okay
harvested okay I got three uh we should
have a total of was it six or eight
eight okay good well I'm up to
five no uh there's a couple on the table
hold on yes I have
succeeded and uh hey you can't succeed
unless you first
suck what that's wisdom
Dan see look what I learned from my
mistake take the screws put them in a
bag a nice high visibility bag Tech tip
you got the best tips thank you uh right
put the put the radiator in the
orientation shown um all right you'll
have to forgive me for having no idea I
think I think this is supposed to be the
tubes and this says
intake but what's really confusing is
that the arrows are drawn like that
which would indicate that this is the
intake of the fans
but that would make this an exhaust
correct okay so then I do understand how
wonderful
umm so which way was this in because I
feel like that might matter uh okay this
is at the top of the case where
presumably the power button is and um
this is the bottom of the case where the
feet used to be before I knocked them
all off before we started oh no there is
technically one there okay good all
right I think we've got everything
reorientated
correctly nope this goes like this all
right I'm sorry dude I uh you know when
we're done you're going to be like wow
lonus did an acceptable job of this
build um so maybe just skip to the
end don't subject yourself to this whole
this whole
ordeal now I get to figure out how this
3D printed mounting hardware Works um
Alex doesn't have any further notes for
me on this so I guess I'm just on my own
now I see what look like
spacers okay uh I see what look like
threaded inserts and I see what looks
like
nope no okay I see more spacers maybe
these spacers were not available in full
height and oh oh hello okay I think that
might be it Alex
ah yes
nice I've got
this I've got this I've got this other
different size of hex head uh Dan do you
want to hit me with another merch
message yeah sure let's see what we've
got here hope we all are having a great
Wednesday by the way Wednesday is it
Wednesday it's a good oh is it not
Wednesday I think it's Wednesday oh good
thank okay I don't even know uh lonus
you have been given a second chance to
install the fire pole will you heed the
call no the fire pole was never going to
happen I was always very clear very
clear with the team that there was never
going to be a fire pole and there was no
point in pursuing it
it's
just when you get old and boring you
become what I like to call liability
averse I don't like liability anymore
and a fire pull that's a liability and
I'm sorry I'm sorry if I'm not as cool
as I used to be but I
um I'll accept that knowing that I'm
less like to be
sued we do a man we do a lot of stuff
these days it's just like no man play it
safe play it safe play it
safe all right Dan hit me hi lonus I
know you have banned the use of
sentences starting with so do you have
any thoughts on Tech tubers using
actually in videos some use it a lot in
a single unboxing video ah I actually
don't have a problem with that and I can
explain why they're doing it actually is
a really useful filler word when you are
not just trying to stall for time but
you're also trying to add emphasis to
what you're saying and I understand the
objection to it it's actually very
similar to my objection to so because
actually doesn't actually change the
meaning of the sentence no matter how
many times you use it it actually makes
no difference if you go back to what I
just said and remove the
actes I said exactly the same thing I
actually did so yeah I it's it's kind of
like using like you know like I I just
like
can't and everyone has their own indoc
secrecies when it comes to stalling for
time you know some people um while
they're thinking um oh you know what I'm
going to call out our new CEO um has
anyone else noted noticed how often he
says at this point in time I have not
but now I will he has always done that
and I don't think he'll ever stop doing
it at this point in time doesn't change
the meaning of what you're saying you
could just say
um I think that this is a bad
Direction and then you could add at this
point in time but you don't have to
because you your sentence would have had
the exact same meeting regardless of
whether you did
uh so I think it's one of those things
that we just have to kind of we have to
kind of tolerate from each other the
reason I object so strongly to so is
that it can get very
repetitive um and very noticeable
particularly at the beginning of a new
idea and what's really challenging about
so is not so much that it's an issue for
the audience but rather that it's an
issue for our
editors if every time you knew a do do a
new take you knew a do take um if every
time you do a new take you start it with
so then what can happen is if our
editors are trying to are trying to cut
you know the last part of what you said
in that previous take and then they're
trying to bolt on the next thing that
you said you're going to end up with
this abundance of sews that is really
jarring and I've seen it happen uh both
with myself and with our other hosts and
I I just find it really distracting and
it creates extra work for the rest of
the team so so is less about that I I
have any kind of personal objection to
sew if you go back and watch our older
videos I'm a big sewer practically a
seamstress
seamster Taylor I don't know it doesn't
matter the point is that I used so a lot
and I relied on so a lot as a as a cheap
easy transition from one thing I wanted
to talk about to the next thing so with
that in mind it's so easy to start a
sentence with so um but all I've
basically done then is encourage the
team it's it's not actually banned it's
just banned to lazily start every
sentence with it because of the editors
um so so I've challenged the team to use
it less that doesn't mean we never use
it it can be
when used sparingly a useful tool to
start a paragraph or to start a sentence
with so but I just go out of my way to
make sure that
I I'm only using it when I want to
emphasize
it so with all of that in my but so when
you so you'll see me especially in the
scripted content uh that tends to be how
I like to use it now rather than
overdoing it at every turn
I I can't believe how long I spent
talking about that and I also can't
believe that I'm not really sure what to
do right now uh this clearance is not
quite right and if I used only the
shorter one that would be too short and
if I um use this one it's actually quite
a bit too tall Alex no did I not shove a
love this in enough is that the issue or
um this radiator just bent a bit M mm
has both
above I mean okay it's possible oh oh
yeah I see what you mean no oh Al it
goes in a lot more ah maybe we just have
to use the other ones well there's your
problem no no no no no no now it's good
now it's good with the one shorter one
so the extension seems to be if you have
a thicker style of radiator so now I get
to undo everything I just are you really
showing that thing off again
yeah have they heard the
click now they have
don't hold your breath for that
screwdriver we are working on it the all
metal
screwdriver is going to happen but it is
not the kind of thing that's going to be
affordable in fact we've even talked
about potentially delaying it uh because
we know that in the tech industry and
gaming industry which is where a lot of
our community Herald's from um it's a
pretty tough time right now and we felt
like it might come across uh somewhat
insensitive for us to release like a
$250 like machined metal screwdriver so
I don't know guys Vibe check uh do you
you know do you guys would you be
offended if we released a screwdriver
that was not affordable uh by basically
anyone or would you just be like well
that's a thing that exists I don't need
to buy one but hey good on you want the
smaller screws now uh yes yeah yeah I I
switched over okay cool uh okay let me
just let's just check the clearance here
cuz you know what Alex that is still Way
Too Tall huh yeah so maybe it's no but
that one's too
short I'm a little
confused I think we just send it with
these ones and call it a a uhhuh measure
the offset of the radiat of the front
panel using collect a set of spacers
that match the offset distance okay so
we did
[Music]
oh is it these guys you're supposed to
have yes
ah okay I saw these washers and I
immediately went oh okay those are the
washers for when you install your fans
okay let's do it right let's do it right
these are for here we go making up very
very small
differences so we need oh good
gravy yeah I think it's two of the
really skinny ones and then oh seriously
this guy never goes anywhere without
calipers what a weird personality Quirk
what ever since I put them in my
backpack they get used absolutely all
the
time I mean look I'm not telling you
you're wrong I actually desperately
needed calipers the other day and I
realized I don't have a pair of calipers
at home and I was really upset did you
decide that two was the correct amount
cuz it is isn't it called a pair of
calipers cuz of this oh oh did I just
two is the right amount yeah okay oh oh
God okay fetch Quest time again I need
one 1 mm washer are these one mil I
think these are the one mil ones yeah
okay we got this we got this Alex so
we're going to use this one H Dan want
hit with merch message stall for time uh
at this at this point in time I need a
merch message um so actually like you
know
like so oh God I know it's not out yet
uh but at this point in time how hard
was it to get a good Palm twist feel on
the Precision screwdriver while making
it uh um store bits well that's
subjective and in fact one of the two
people hosting this video doesn't think
we got a very good Palm twist feel um
which is the one that you like better
Alex I can't remember uh one of iFixit
old ones is really
good okay so in terms of things we
actually competing against that still
exist is there anything that you think
is better uh I don't know I I have the
old one so I'm not too
concerned fair enough you got yours and
everyone else can just go off themselves
no well but it's it's how you use it so
we use our Precision driver slightly
different do you want to grab the do you
want to grab oh you're grabbing your
okay okay fine we're going to
compare I'll grab mine he'll grab his
and you guys can all
watch
what come what are you doing you this
look at this guy he's laughing like he
can actually understand anything we're
saying
wow he try he tries he tries really hard
but it's a bit of a
struggle okay here we
go
okay so this is ours this is the old iix
it one that Alex likes and what you'll
noce is that while we do have a length
and girth Advantage Alex has far more
ribbing yes I really like the knurling
when it comes all the way up to here
because then you can hold it index
finger there and like
that great whereas I am more of a this
goes kind of here in the palm and I'm a
down here kind of neural Twister so you
showed me a different way that you used
yours that was like like this or
something and you would you would do
that yeah sometimes put it like there
yeah so it would be it would be hard to
reach the nerling if you were to to do
that so everyone has their own
preference personally I'm really happy
with this one and one of the things that
makes me most happy about this one is
that uh do we have um oh yeah I don't
need I don't need the wrench it's not
that tight I haven't actually shown this
yet we are going to have interchangeable
tops so we are already planning a
concave one if you really like putting
your finger on the top we are already
planning a convex one if you like it to
be more rounded going into your palm um
it will ship by default with the flat
top and then oh sorry sorry Andy uh see
the little laser LTT on there and then
we are also already planning um a bigger
one which will have two benefits if you
have big hands it'll make it cup a
little bit nicer and two it'll make it
spin for longer because we know our
audience so with that hybrid ceramic
bearing I'm not going to make you guys
uh sit and watch while this spins until
it's done but we'll we'll just let it
kind of sit there while I use my
fullsize driver to finish installing
this where' that go there it
is Dan do you want to hit me with
another merch message yeah sure we got a
few more in here um how have you seen
traditional non- te roles I'm an
attorney for an example transition into
Tech roles or lmg I worked it in college
and minored in CS but I'm struggling to
get into a tech
company wow a was a big question that's
a really big question um I got to be
honest with you guys I mean common
misconception we're not a tech company
so much as we are a media company so we
definitely do look for a very Tech
adjacent skill set because otherwise
it's it's pretty it's pretty tough I got
it it's pretty tough to succeed
here is that still going yes it's still
going um and for our part we don't
really look for people that necessarily
have exactly it stopped uh we don't
necessarily look for people that have
exactly the perfect background obviously
having some experience is good but I
mean that's a really great question I
mean when I was very early in my career
the answer was obvious right like I
don't know you go you do volunteer work
at a sort of adjacent uh place you know
you uh you volunteer at a Veterinary
Clinic if you're trying to make
connections there or whatever else but
when you're established in your one
career and you're transitioning from
that to another
career truthfully I'm not really sure
how to do that I went straight from the
one main career that I ever had to
starting my own business
so um was this was your first serious
job right yeah like I had a bunch of
Co-op terms and stuff before that in
engineering you had a pretty um yeah so
that's kind of what I was talking about
before Co-op like Co-op volunteering
like but Dan you you had a significant
career transition yeah that's right I
mean it's it's reasonably similar um
mine kind of moved into a far more Tech
Centric thing I mean I used to be a
professional audio engineer here but
because we were kind of a mixed use
space uh we also were a broadcast house
and so we used to do live streams of
concerts every weekend like um in 2019
pre pandemic I did around 192 4-Hour
concert broadcasts um and so there was a
lot of tech involved in that too I mean
the audio these days is really Tech
heavy I guess um you know I kind of made
a little mini float plane on the back of
Amazon CDN for our like real- time
transcoding and streaming and stuff like
that you know we're doing big data
science for all of our our marketing and
um you know audience metrics and stuff
like that I think basically it's going
to depend on the company and their
hiring practices in a big way like if
they're looking for certifications or
you know they're basically throwing away
any resume that doesn't have X number of
years of experience then there's nothing
you're really going to be able to do
about that but if they're open-minded
well
then hey maybe if you can show you've
got the skills you've got a shot um Alex
yeah something that I observed yes is
that this case unfortunately this this
mounting mechanism does not allow the
fans to sit right flush up against the
radiator frame yes I am not a fan of
that having this Gap
here gives up a lot of the static
pressure that this fan can generate and
instead of drawing air through the fins
or pushing air through the fins you're
going to be wasting a lot of it think of
it kind of like uh when you're heating
or cooling your home and you have a
draft under the door um no that's
actually not the same thing all I'm
trying to illustrate is that having gaps
when you're trying to do something with
air is bad and it's not good for
efficiency so I was kind of thinking uh
if we have some foam tape or something
we could probably get better performance
if we if we topped these up do we have
any foam tape I actually had a reminder
for myself last night to get some 8 in
foam tape that I just have at my house
for projects and I forgot but I can run
to 105 right now sure and get the stuff
that we have not as good but we can arts
and craft it yeah let's let's arts and
craft it I want to I want to show this
in the in in its best possible like here
I'll give you a closeup of what I was
talking about there Andy and Dan do you
want to prep another merch message yeah
sure let's see what we have
here for those of you who aren't
familiar maybe you don't watch the L
show you only watch these streams or
maybe you don't watch any of our streams
uh merch messages are the way that we do
paid interactions so rather than doing
super Chats on YouTube or uh bits on
Twitch or whatever else we do merch
messages and the idea is that instead of
just throwing money at your screen uh
you can throw money at a nice t-shirt or
a hoodie or a screwdriver or some bits
or a touque or any number of the other
awesome things that we have over on LTT
store we've got some great pajamas that
we're promoting right now um and then it
will if you're in the checkout I always
forget if it's the card or the checkout
if you're in the check no the cart if
you're in the cart uh a little box will
appear anytime we're live and you can
leave a merch message it'll go to our
producer Dan who will either direct it
to the appropriate person to respond to
you uh respond to it himself or curate
it for me and then during W show um Luke
and then Dan we we will address them as
a group sometimes to respond to you I'm
trying to figure out why Alex brought
four fans surely we can't fit that many
fans in this system but anyway that's
how merch messages work and then at
least that way you know if you have to
throw money at a screen you can throw
money at a screen and then get an order
in the mail some nice high quality
merchandise okay Dan hit me sure hello I
was wondering if any more screwdriver
colorways are in the works I personally
would love a black main body with dark
blue or purple
accents okay in the long long
term the ideal like the the the optimal
outcome would be that we would have a
configurator kind of like what Microsoft
has with Xbox controllers that is super
cool and um
aspirationally that's what I would like
us to be able to get to however there's
a lot
of there's a lot of business reasons why
that's really difficult um it's
difficult to manage inventory because
all of a sudden you take what is right
now let me think how many how many SKS
do we have so a skew or a stock keeping
unit is um is is an an item right so
right now we have our SKS for the add-on
bits those are separate so for the
actual screwdriver itself we have our
skew for the bit pack that goes into the
end we have our skew for the black black
and orange in full size the stubby the
in Black the stubby in black and orange
we have the Retro we have the noctua in
the two various colorways and that's it
now I can break things down even more
from like an engineering standpoint we
do have more SKS we have all four pieces
of the noctua in both colors because we
have uh we have two versions of it we
have cream and brown and brown and cream
so this is is four SKS for the Plastics
and then for retro we have another four
skews we don't offer this one inverted
so that's a total of eight for black on
black and black and orange we have a
total of six so that's 14 we have 14
items to handle when it comes pun
intended I guess uh to handle when it
comes to keeping track of our plastic
stock when we offer a
configurator that
increases by an order of magnitude
essentially so it's a lot for us to keep
track in terms of replenishment and in
terms of stocking um it's a lot for us
to figure out in terms of the workflow
for how to essentially either build them
to order or build small batches out of
the out of the bare parts and then and
then stock them um and I think that you
know right now during this refocusing
time we really are quite refocused on
video um so I don't think that's
something you're going to see from us
immediately but yeah in the longer term
we'd love to be able to offer any number
of different uh different colorways
because I I think they look super cool
and the feedback that we got from people
at LTX was really positive like man I
love this thing um even making that
happen though they ended up costing I
think about was it like 20 bucks extra
or something like that just to justify
all the small run uh plastic production
runs we had to do plus all the work we
had to acquire those Arbor presses so
people could build them themselves it
was a it was a huge enormous undertaking
to make that happen so I think if I came
to the engineering team and I was like
hey guess what we're doing it again but
on a larger scale theyd probably hit
me yeah so our foam tape selection not
great it's way too thick in every
direction oh that's terrible so my
thought this just tape over the sides
brilliant yeah okay yeah let's do that
okay all right uh Dan you want to hit me
with another merch
message yeah sure got some more here for
you um these are
M3 hey lonus you know how we create
usernames or handles when we were
children and they kind of stick with us
for life if you could go back in time
and change your channel name from LT
would you change it well what I
certainly wouldn't do is change it to
any of my childhood handles um I
actually am pretty sad that I don't
still have my original Hotmail account I
I allowed it to lapse at some point
because I had come up with what I
thought was a pretty clever play on
words for a new one and I had
transitioned everything over there and I
was like yeah who would ever who would
ever want an old email account for
Nostalgia uh it turns out me because I'm
sort of a digital packrat but my first
email address was
Mumu theore cow at
hotmail.com I don't know why I thought
that was funny I don't know why I
thought that was cool I think it might
have just been out of kind of
frustration that it felt like even back
then all the good handles were taken I
mean I'm sure you guys feel even more
strongly that all the good handles are
taken these days but um yeah I I was I
was from during my formative years on
the internet I was MooMoo the cow uh
uh I ended up subbing that out for uh
the peanuts gallery which I thought was
very funny because uh from Shakespearean
times the peanut gallery would have been
like the the the the the Rowdy Bunch
that are the UNC you know Standing Room
Folks at the theater who might be you
know cat calling and leaving their
peanut shells all over the place and um
you know I was I was something of a
in a usually relatively Wholesome Way I
was like kind of a troublemaker like I I
liked trouble but I was like too much of
a good kid to really get in that much
trouble um so I would like I would play
with I would play with fireworks and
gasoline but you know I I wouldn't I
wouldn't take up the smoke um I don't
know I don't know how to I don't know
how to describe my my particular brand
of being kind of a um
kind kind of trouble um so then the
peanuts gallery because it's the peanuts
gallery is sort of a a reference to my
name being lonus who is a character in
the comic strip peanuts who most people
these days if they know of it at all
know it as Charlie Brown um so so lonus
was Charlie B Charlie Brown's friend um
and the love interest of Charlie Brown's
sister uh he was usually the voice of
reason which um I thought contrast Ed
really well with you know my name being
the peanut gallery um I just I thought
it was funny so that's that's the humor
of 15 or 16y old me or you know whatever
um that one I still have but I don't
monitor it so don't bother so no I don't
think that I would go back and and do
either of those things and oh right so
my my gamer handle once I finally
adopted a gamer handle was closet gamer
I still go by that unless I just call
myself Linus Tech in public uh because I
kind of think it's funny that most
people just think I'm an imposter
because most people who put Linus Tech
tips and their names are imposters so I
actually get to be kind of stealthier in
a sense by going as Linus Tech tips or
Linus Tech uh rather than closet gamer
no one will even believe me anyway if I
say that that's who I am uh hey I
thought these were supposed to be
exhaust oh balls cool did you just was
was that the last screw that you just
put in yeah nice and they're hard screws
to find
cuz I don't know we just have a bunch of
different ride screws nice uh can I see
one of them just so that I can uh go
look you know what in fact can each of
us just take two of them and can we just
use the four that you have uh sure nice
sharing is caring
um so no I think lonus Tech tips was
actually better than any of those
names in summary I didn't pick it by the
way so it wasn't even up to me
uh you know these are not the right
threading and we just have to kind of go
give her right uh it felt like the right
threading to me
cool well whether it is or isn't uh it's
going in now
sure yeah that definitely hoed out for
me the first time H yeah yeah okay now
it's threaded like this okay cool I mean
any hole is threaded for any Screw As
long as you push hard
enough
Dan
sorry I got yeah you're you're right um
y'all's work has helped change my life
for the better I can't be more thankful
lonus at all is providing Tech tips to
use uh is providing Tech tips to us a
heavy burden to bear given how techy the
world is getting every day no I um I
mean I do think that
we I think we do put a lot of pressure
on ourselves sometimes
uh I think that I you know why not I
think yeah I think we have to put all
four in to hold the spacers
in Oh what now oh well I just you're
correct I don't like the way they're
threading in oh yeah no you have to give
her I this one went in eventually just
yeah and it's yeah it's in there
um no in summary no uh I think there's
there's times when we felt pressure felt
like um there's a
an opportunity or a responsibility to do
better I think that's where a big part
of the motivation I think that's where a
big part of the motivation for building
the lab comes from um as you guys
obviously can tell not everything's gone
perfectly but we're patient we have time
uh we're going to keep building keep
making it better keep improving uh
there's there's particular spaces where
I think that you know when I was coming
up as a young Tech Enthusiast there was
lots of learning resources that were
super accessible and free and in some
ways it's better now than ever what's
that really cool Channel called that
does those amazingly visualized uh deep
gubes on like how Ram works and stuff do
you remember what that Channel's called
uh okay whatever they they need a they
need a shout out so I'm just gonna I'm
just going to go find I can find that
for if you want to right now no no no
okay
um it was sponsored by crucial or Micron
or something like that so it should be
easy to find yeah brand education so
like there's there's some really cool
resources now that didn't exist then but
there's also resources we had then that
don't exist or at least are not as
plentiful anymore like it used to be
that you could go to half a dozen a
dozen different sources and get a
reputable review of something like uh
and I don't even just mean like gpus and
and CPUs like the the big ones that get
clicks I'm talking like a Tech aof flow
you know some some cooler you could go
and find a dozen reviews of that and for
the most part they would be like you
know kind of done by people who really
care about this and are making this
their livelihood and that has just kind
of shriveled and died um so yeah we do
feel a responsibility sometimes to kind
of bring that back but on the other hand
so sort of more in line with the
question that you asked is because of
the world becoming more Tech Reliant do
we feel that responsibility I don't
think so like I don't think we're I
don't think we're really talking to your
uncle and auntie um we don't make videos
about how to clear the recycle bin you
know like I I I don't think that's our
that's our place and so talking to the
enthusiasts you know Enthusiast to
Enthusiast you guys have always been
there you're always going to be there
and as these things go more mainstream
and people need help with the basics
like you know oh
why is it that when I press the button
it does one thing and when I hold the
button it does another thing like that's
not that's not really going to be our
role um and I think we'd rather just
kind of leave that to someone else oh
that's going horribly um wow oh wow that
really did I think your problem might
have been that you were hitting it there
yes I know and I moved it and then it oo
yeah yeah it got hold on if we loosen
this and then shovel of it a little bit
that might help our idea of doing just
two screws has kind of backfired
yes agreed okay there yeah you've got a
bit more room
now got that so I'm actually at this
point in time uh merch message that's
how I sto for time it's a a good
deflection uh let's see Highline us
regardless of their skill level who
would you most like to face in badminton
1 V
one who would I well I know that Marquez
owes me a match I I don't remember why
we agreed on it but next time I'm in New
York I actually missed him last time
because I was in and out pretty quickly
so I didn't message him tell him I was
going to be there uh but next time I'm
in New York and I have some time we're
supposed to play and I think it was
supposed to be a channel super fun video
or something like that channel super fun
is on Hiatus but I see no reason why we
couldn't upload uh lus Tech tips versus
MKBHD badminton fight fight
go how you doing there not good so is
there a reason we're not using the
radiator screws that came with that kit
are they just not long enough they're
just a random mish mash which is exactly
what we're dealing with in other stuff
oh but are they a random mishmash that's
at least threaded
correctly uh I have been using them oh
for a bit I see uh we have another
problem not all of them are threaded
correctly this spacer moved yeah I saw
that okay um you know what I think I can
get it I just need to okay nope not with
that do you have a f life exit kit handy
this is the uh kind of thing that we
normally just remove from the video yeah
yeah it really is that's okay I'm having
fun it's Wednesday guys it's hump day
we're over the hump well at the midpoint
we're in the hump yeah we're we're
humping hard right now all
right
uh okay so I was kind of thinking um uh
if it's like just hitting it that's fine
well here can we can we sorry Andy if we
loosen this a little bit it might spin a
bit more easily and then um no it's not
hitting it it's just like not touching
at all anymore so then I'll bring this
let me see if I can bring this back oh
yeah bringing it back oh oh yeah okay
man we're bringing that back no problem
okay hey cool that should go in all
right I'm actually going to put this one
in first but are you actually going to
do it no I'm going to try and put it in
and then discover it's the wrong
thread I believe that is a valid use of
the word actually when you have failed
to do something previously I think that
is if someone objects to saying I'm
actually going to do it this
time they're they're being too much of a
stickler okay Dan hit me oh sorry it was
the wrong thread but it's the right
thread now okay is this installed I
think that's enough oh no we've got we
we've got some missing screws oh okay
and we've still got to tape
it I really sincerely hope that we put
these fan leads on the right side for
cable management because I did not
consider that I also did not cool sweet
but this looks awesome oh yeah check
that out
guys
sick love
it can I make your day worse
uh I mean I don't think that's a
question you definitely can why aren't
we using the brown knock to a fans
oh uh because we don't have 140s ah that
makes a lot of sense oh we got the brown
uh rubber covers some people have been
asking about that uh yeah those are at
the lab yeah I'm glad I'm glad it's in a
different building now yeah it turns out
that 40 mm anything is just really not
common these days yeah we haven't had
those in stock for a long while yeah uh
okay maybe we should uh maybe we should
get some 140 mm OAS oh you can get a
closeup of that um yes I am aware that
it is inconvenient to have things in the
other building I'm just I'm just ribbing
if we can come up with a better solution
we will we have bicycles that's a good
solution yeah Z bicycles aren't a good
solution we need a f we got I could just
get some paint from 105 oh my
God you guys see what I have to deal
with all day right no wonder I no longer
wanted to be
CEO it sounds like a glamorous position
but it's like it turns out you're CEO of
the circus oh
okay see why he stepped down head clown
master I mean Matt Pat and Tom Scott
didn't even have to deal with Dan and
they're just like peeps yeah you're way
stronger willed than they are
yeah oh man oh watch
out should we move that box so Andy
doesn't trip over
it okay that's not bad actually
yeah and this way we're not going to be
leaking any air and we still end up with
what is actually a pretty clean looking
install love it
okay here do you want me to turn this
around for you uh I'm just going to
fully block the camera oh God uh yeah
okay I mean why do the people need to
see anything anyway right okay Dan hit
me
then sure okay give me one second here
there we go I swear this is sort of
about building a
computer there will be a computer at the
end there'll be a computer yeah there
will be there'll be a computer at the
end it'll be there's an end
yeah hey Dan hey lonus for a desktop if
you had to pick between a plastic case a
metal case or a wooden case which would
you
pick for me uh it's there's no question
metal I I love I love well crafted
aluminum cases that's always been a bit
of a fetish of mine um Silverstone in
particular those guys can do things with
aluminum that just blow the Mind lean
Lee is right up there as well I I love
what those guys do uh even
um face johnb johnb is a company that
just came out of absolutely nowhere for
me like what was it like five six years
ago seven years ago we like saw them at
computex or something we're like who the
f is jnb and why do their cases look so
good yeah jnb is pretty cool trying to
think who else inwin inwin is one of
those companies that for a long time
like back in the early 2000s
their reputation was just sort of
trashed here like I'm talking $26 cases
like that sort of thing and then
nowadays um they have it's like they
have like a Skunk Works Department or
something that every once in a while
will be like oh by the way um you know
unlike most other people we're an actual
manufacturer you know that owns uh
manufacturing facilities and uh
you know we can uh make things that no
one else can make like they just they'll
build like a case that seems to exist
for no reason other than to act as a
complete Flex like there's no way they
could sell that many of them there's no
way the costing makes any sense for most
PC Builders back when we did that
compensator that used that cast aluminum
case with like the the swirl thing that
was inwin um so yeah I metal I'm a metal
guy
practicality be damned this is going to
be my daily driver screwdriver once we
create it if anything Alex I was going
to tell the guys I'd love to get a
couple of copper ones and then like gold
plate them myself and assemble it myself
so I could have like a gold accented one
to go with uh my gold controller project
by the way if anyone wants to buy the
controller uh the previous buyer that we
had lined up for it has officially
ghosted now so um please
buy it it would be great you know gold
has actually gone up a fair bit just
melted down so yeah so if you don't act
now I'll destroy
it I won't I can't I can't do it Alex to
much went into it from you from the the
I forget their names but the the gold
smithing place like it's it's a piece of
art it's gamer art it's
G oh cool is this ready to go in yeah
yeah assuming I can actually get it back
in um I hope so
so
damn almost did it again let's see if we
can figure out how to do this uh so we
did the fan leads on the wrong side so
oh wait no it's it's probably fine yeah
I think it's fine yeah so do I just need
[Music]
to again do I just need to how is this
supposed to go in Alex it's not even
close oh wow you see what I'm talking
about just had to
refund
that you have to experience this for
yourself Alex I'm going to undo it but
not the whole way is it right smooth
hold on hold on hold on no no no no no
you don't no no don't don't look don't
don't look don't touch don't touch okay
okay okay okay okay okay go go go go go
okay try it try
it well don't do it like that that
o yeah that's satisfying that's proper
satisfying wow okay check this out you
guys okay look look look look
look look at
that look at
this like I could I could lick this and
there would be no room for any saliva
residue in between these pieces this is
incredible I I love it I love this kind
of thing man this is this is awesome uh
Dan hit me sure let's see we got a
couple more
here yeah chat's like wow that's clean
flush AF yeah yeah a little bit I love
the vibe of the stream also does Alex
know that he can screw open the iFix it
screwdriver to store Two Bits M screws
open right above the nerling what I
agree with Alex on the nerling as well
where's your screwdriver I can unscrew
it but I always thought that was just a
flaw because of manufacturing
what I know their plastic one has bit
storage in it like with the little clips
and everything like our full-sized one
but I didn't know any of the metal ones
had that yeah you can if you like Reef
on it oh uh do you need a wrench does it
does it have a wren are you sure you're
supposed to do this point I'm definitely
done it
before we believe you I swear this never
happens can I try sure if get it I'm
just going to say you loosened it for me
though no I can't get
it yeah it's more of a friction problem
than anything else well what you
probably did um knowing you is you
probably secured it at some point yeah
I'm pretty sure that it came off and
then I just put it in a vice and was
like that's not happening again so good
job I guess uh I don't think you're yeah
I don't want to hurt it yeah yeah anyway
thank you for the tech
tip all right let's plug in our front
panel connector here power uh power
switch uh Dan heit me okay uh do I even
have any more curated oh lonus if this
PC you're building right now had a name
what would it be oh Alex is the Alex is
the king when it comes to naming
computers so you know what why don't we
why don't we each come up with a name
and then we'll let the Audi vote you
guys can decide what you want it to be
named I'll prep a
poll are we going first of all are we
going to go with I mean it's going to
have to be a feminine name probably
right you typically go that route I was
actually kind of thinking
like something a b is it because of the
wood I I have a name I have I've got one
I've got one okay uh here so we we we'll
come over here okay so Dan do you want
to go ahead and create the poll and
we'll we'll present our names with you
know in a completely impart impartial
way so that we won't bias the pool uh
who wants to go first do you want to go
first uh sure I think this should be Joe
Joe yes Joe just simple Joe I wanted
Sandy Sand's not bad can I can I throw
in a
third I guess can we add Geraldine to
the poll how the hell do you spell that
Gerald g e r l d that one fits the way
that I've done to sleepers more so
Geraldine yeah okay all right well I
just three nobody else has
suggestion um I mean it's an odd
suggestion but Colin wants JN which I
think is just too similar to Joe and is
going to kind of split the vote but I
I'm not going to argue with them I mean
I can't how do you
anyway all right so we'll let the people
decide actually are my poll is the poll
result going to be up here oh yeah here
we go here we go show the results in
real time and Geraldine is running away
with it not surprising yeah that's not
surprising but Sandy Sandy is a very
distant second oh gap's
closing get it
Sandy boo what do you mean boo that's
good that's good humor that's wholesome
clean clean fun we have a computer to
build Lin seed oil right right right
right right remember when I said at the
beginning of this stream that we would
focus on building the computer this time
and it would be fast I I need a cable
tie that's what I'm distracted by right
now I want a cable tie to hold this do
we have any cable ties kicking
around I'll I'll get this AO mounted in
the
meantime does lonus know there's
something called sandal wood yes I am
aware of sandal wood and that would have
been very funny if this was made out of
Sandalwood but but no but no it in fact
is
not uh okay what's oh oh thermal
compound that's good okay we're
apparently going with mx4 and we chose
this because it was in that
drawer okay do you want to get the
closeup
Andy there we go
parit first okay uh Dan hit
me sure yeah I'm still got a couple here
to go uh would you ever consider making
a tea handle version of the screwdriver
I have a ratcheting tea handle and it's
my favorite to use on anything that
needs Force no one seems to make one for
human
hands what oh yeah we've had a couple of
people request that actually it's not
something that I personally use a lot um
but it is something that we would love
to do the reason that it's a bit
challenging
is we would have to do entirely new
molds for that and it would be a very
substantial redesign on top of the cost
and a tandle screwdriver is a bit more
of a niche tool
so we were concerned about amortizing
the cost of those molds over a smaller
number of units and um we were worried
that it would result in a retail price
that was
too high to be palatable you guys got to
remember that even though we've sold
like somewhere between
125 and 150,000 screwdrivers or
something like that in the grand scheme
of things that is nothing that's a
rounding error for a company like a you
know a Stanley or a Milwaukee or like a
like a Snap-On or someone like that so
we're we're still an extremely small
fish in a gigantic Pond uh can I help
you you look concerned I'm thinking
about how we're going to get the 8 Pin
EPS
connected
uh creatively yes I mean it can't go
under the motherboard anyway so well but
I'm thinking that it kind of can oh
really yeah it would just be really
annoying if need to do it right now dude
that would be terrible there's I think
there's too many rearm mounted
components on this board I don't think
it's going to have enough clearance even
if we flattened it out completely well
speaking of a power supplies do you want
to have an
argument yes yes we can but before we do
that I want to thank our sponsor xplit
whether you're a streamer a content
creator or you're always on video call
for work xplit Suite of tools can help
your content look more professional
their broadcaster tool allows users to
capture produce and stream highquality
video to popular platforms like YouTube
and twitch is Twitch still popular
anyway um it also has some super cool
features like custom trends transitions
multi streaming per stream audio and it
can record your broadcast as it happens
with features like multiple audio tracks
which makes post- production editing a
breeze so check it out at the link below
and you can save 69% using Code
lus now Alex wanted to use this power
supply for the build it's a good choice
850 Watts 80 plus gold efficiency
modular interface pretty reputable
brand
I see what you've
done I wanted to use an sfx L power
supply and the reason for that is that
while it isn't technically a standard
sfx sized power supply sfx L is
silverstone's little pet project that
uses a slightly longer version of sfx
that allows them to use a 100 mm fan
which is substantially quieter when it
spins up compared to the I believe it's
92 mil in a yeah yeah 92 mm fan that can
that is as big as you can get on a
standard depth sfx however Alex being
the snarky git that he is brought dead
ones no I brought the most alive ones we
have so I said that these have problems
with reliability we have three in the
office one of them well we have two in
the office we had three one was sent
back because it died the other two were
in the pile of power supplies that we
need to test because they might be dead
all right so this one right here
definitely dead almost definitely it
says no power clicky clack from plof
this one right here we might be able to
use if you feel like risking it today it
just says needs to be tested I don't
feel like risking anything for any
biscuits today all right all right there
we go
easy okay well I'm sorry to hear that
hopefully it's not a widespread issue
but if it is then
Silverstone can you um deal with that
then appreciate you guys all right let's
get a power supply installed okay with
that in mind then hey are oh yeah we
don't have any of those uh cable mod
cables for Cooler Master do we no all
right well with that in mind at least we
have super flat cables so if we did want
to do that thing you said and run this
under the under the motherboard it is a
possibility uh it's not that much work I
only put three screws in the board ah so
so yeah if we teamwork this I think we
can do it pretty quickly while Dan reads
us messaged doesn't have to be a merch
message by the way Dan if you just see
anything interesting in the chat uh in
the float plane chat feel free to kind
of jot it down on a notepad or whatever
uh Mo squid says oh
no okay I got another merch message for
you hi lonus what are your thoughts on
the internet never forgets I feel like
the internet is forgetting a lot of
stuff that I swear existed no I I
actually
I strongly disagree with that these days
in a way the the
explosion in user generated content and
in just general data storage
requirements for big cloud providers has
led to an Internet that in my opinion is
more forgetful than ever like when the
last time you went on way back machine
for example and fired up a site that you
haven't visited did in a long time and
we're
like did this ever look like
this uh I don't oh I can't think of that
okay well then then that's even more
forgotten because Alex apparently just
doesn't even go on way back machine
every time I go on there I'm like holy
crap did Apple's site really look like
that did they really have that Banner
like and part of it is companies making
active efforts to make things forgotten
like do you guys remember when um sorry
I've just I've got apple on the mind
right now uh but do you guys remember
when um Apple forced that guy who was
archiving all of their old marketing
materials and their old Keynotes and
stuff uh forced them to get rid of it
like they want us to forget I mean with
apple I suspect there's an ulterior
motive that they want to sell us a table
book or like a a table Blu-ray at some
point that has their old like Keynotes
on it or something but
um but that is absolutely a thing that's
happening is companies treating what
should be in my opinion uh part of the
public record as their own copyrighted
property and either hoarding it for
themselves or asking for it to be
deleted
and there's so much now that it's almost
like you can't have enough people who
are passionate enough about preservation
to preserve everything the sheer volume
of content is just impossible to deal
with so no I I disagree that the
internet never forgets I think the
internet forgets far more now than it
did back when we first
started like forums man forums are
disappearing and forums were a big part
of what never forgot because they were
low cost to maintain they were mostly
text based uh no one ever deleted
anything like moderators would or
administrators could would lock threads
but they typically wouldn't delete them
and a lot of conversation went on in
public on forums and now okay you've got
Reddit but I don't know Reddit feels a
little more volatile than forums in
terms of and I don't mean volatile in
terms of people like arguing forums were
as bad as Reddit because they're
populated by people and people
are
volatile I mean volatile in terms of
like uh like dram versus nand Flash you
know volatile storage versus um
nonvolatile yeah yeah yeah yeah optain
forums were optain and reddits more like
Ram you know as long as the power stays
applied to it then it won't lose
anything this is a really small computer
for two people to work on it so I guess
I just oh you know what I could do is I
could talk about our GPU why don't I do
that sure Nvidia launched the RTX 480
super today we have a review coming it
is currently in editing in fact hey Andy
how long's that lead do you want to come
see who's editing it and uh check in on
them nice hey Colin's on it or Dan's on
it well someone's on it is this acoustic
panel fixed here what's up oh oh is
there someone on probation that I
shouldn't be showing oh no my concern is
more so just tell them not to have like
emails and stuff open oh yeah hey guys
can we bring a camera in in here for a
minute oh okay all right yeah we'll just
bring the camera in here uh I was just
wondering who's working on the 480
video oh we have to go oh but you can
probably see his screen oh is he work
from home yeah oh all right well um okay
I guess this is going to get even more
adventurous we're just bringing the
internet into your space um this is good
here I'll take care of this for
you like your Premier hat I'm not a
sh okay so um here's the video being
edited
remotely L roll performance per dollar
graph um so yeah it's currently in
editing and then it's going to go to uh
QC and then it should be up I think
either very late today or early tomorrow
I'm not sure anyway Andy if you want to
go back that way with Alex I'm just
going to drop off uh Ed stuff just I
like to be helpful you know that's
that's my business cards Chief Vision
officer and
janitor I'll meet you on the other
side you want to turn around Andy might
be good idea
Andy or not I'm here I'm
back okay so we're not really designed
for this kind of thing but it worked huh
neat good good job
everyone we got used to you now we for
it this is a really long SDI
cable is this one of the ones that you
built Dan no oh all right uh no we never
ended up getting the the stuff to do the
custom crimped ones Oh I thought we were
going to do that and just like buy bolt
cable or whatever it would be nice uh
the the beldin 6G or 12g stuff super
flexible but you have to buy it on like
600t
rolls uh but uh maybe we could get that
approved hey Andy Andy would you want
that yeah yeah please please they're
really
nice let's talk about the RTX 4080 super
shall we uh our review is going to be
coming out but I've already looked at
performance I've already looked at the
script I've hosted the video so
obviously I know a handful of things
about
it in a
nutshell we had this uh we had this joke
this was Adam's idea and I thought it
was really funny where throughout the
entire video we had planned every time I
said RTX 4080 super we were going to cut
out the audio and then replace it with
Tik Tock voice saying something
like refreshed rehashed refried replaced
like just anything any two- syllable
something other than super Redux um to
indicate that it is really not very
different from the original RTX
4080 um
but for clarity we ended up taking that
out and we ended up just calling it RTX
480 super because nvidia's naming scheme
has gotten confusing enough already
you've got the four digigit number
you've got maybe nothing maybe TI maybe
non-ti uh or sorry maybe TI maybe super
maybe TI super that one hurts my brain
TI super what are you even talking about
um and so we didn't want to end up in a
situation where it just wasn't clear
what card we were talking about so we
ended up calling it 480 super throughout
the review uh but we were not very
impressed by this things performance
uplift over the original 4080 while it
does have um while it does have more of
the die unlocked more of the die
functioning what it doesn't have is an
appreciably greater power limit so what
ends up happening is that in gaming in
particular that extra
um those extra cacor end up costing us
clock speed because we have to power
them and so we found that in games
performance was on par or in one case it
was even a little bit lower than the
standard RTX 480 which was a big
disappointment now it's it's worth
noting guys that just because our card
our 480 super performed a little bit
lower than our 480 in one particular
game doesn't necessarily mean that that
would be your observation we did that
really cool video recently where we
looked at uh about a dozen of amd's
ryzen uh 7800 x3ds and noted that the
performance Delta across them was as
great as I think we observed about 8% in
factorio and that wasn't even our
outlier ridiculously different csgo
result and that's across chips with the
exact same model number so conceivably
if our 4080 super was at the bottom end
of a of a let's call it a sort of 2 to
8% spread and then r480 nons Super was
at the top end of a spread like that can
I twist this so they can just kind of
see being installed um we you could
easily have a 4080 that outperforms a
4080 super while everything is sort of
you know normal and that 40 and the 480
super is still a faster card so it's
gotten really it's gotten really
challenging making recommendations these
days and um and it's gotten really
challenging I think for people to
understand exactly what the performance
they should expect from from a product
is so we were a little disappointed but
we're also not going to just say you
know Nvidia didn't update anything cuz
on the one hand like yeah it is a
slightly different car and it did
perform measurably better in say for
example uh AI workloads which is cool if
you're someone who needs an affordable
AI card and uh your work isn't buying it
for you so you want to use a consumer
grade
card and the price is obviously more
appealing but I don't know man it's it's
pretty hard for me to see how happy
people are to see a
$1,000 GPU I mean it wasn't that long
ago that nvidia's 80 or you know 800
class card was you know $600 $500 six
$700 $1,000 is still a flipping lot of
money guys especially for something that
is now Midway through its life cycle
right like yeah it's it's it's super now
or whatever but this is fundamentally
the same die that Nvidia developed you
know two years ago or whatever it was a
year and a half I can't remember exactly
when they launched 40 series it's all
been kind of a a blur it's like which
crypto winter were we in at that point I
no longer I'm no longer
sure it's really fast though it's like
ripping fast play all the 4K games I
can't get this thumb screw
in sorry it's it's really tall right
it's got this gigantic cooler on it much
of which we're not really going to be
able to take advantage of it's got the
pass through Cooling in the back here
and it's it's a pretty tight it's a
pretty tight squeeze here hopefully
hopefully our ventilation is going to be
okay I'm going to I'm going to try and
get in here in the meantime Dan do you
want to hit me with another merch
message hopefully you guys are enjoying
the vibe of the stream today I actually
have not
been I have not been monitoring chat
that much because I've been busy trying
to figure out how to build this computer
yeah I've been uh looking through any
questions and stuff from there do you
want to have a chat question or
something yeah hit me D this is by uh
ohotnik uh any news on the development
of the LT Mouse I Remember lonus showed
an early prototype back when he was
touring Creator
Warehouse
um it's not dead but it's definitely
sidelined we have other higher
priorities where I feel we are able to
provide a more clear value proposition
and uh we have a more obvious reason for
putting the resources into building the
product not necessarily
because we think it's a bigger Market or
we think we could sell more of them I
mean a mouse is a really obvious one for
us that I think we could be really
successful with but it's more that we
have some really good ideas for how to
differentiate our product in these other
categories and so they make more sense
for us to prioritize it's it's a
better I don't want this to be
misinterpreted it's a better story that
doesn't mean it's a fictional story it
just means that it's a more cohesive
message and a more
um
a more obvious positioning for the
product in the market we have one thing
coming in particular that I'm really
excited about because it takes something
that I think people are finally starting
to wise up to a little bit that is
really disposable and treated as
intentionally disposable by
manufacturers and it makes
it the last one you'll ever need TM like
obviously if you lose it or you know
breaks then it won't be the last one you
ever need but it will be far more user
serviceable and it will be far easier to
extend its lifespan than anything else
that's on the market right now and it's
taking a lot of work for us to do it
because there's a lot of safety
validation that has to go into that but
I'm I'm really excited about what the
team's doing and I think that you guys
are going to lose your minds when you
see it and be like wow this is so
sensible why wasn't everybody doing this
and the answer is because it's hard and
you have to be motivated by something
other than wanting to sell you a new one
two years
later okay the GPU is
in yay yay
indeed uh Alex is this really your cable
management for this uh weing on I'm not
trying to be judgmental
but no everything that I've done so far
is just stuff that I know I can kind of
cram away I see and then once it's all
sort of in there we can Alex do a bit
more yes the thing you put in your notes
here watch look look look at the notes
hold on I'm going to go down oh damn it
yep I know it says remember to plug in
the 90 display port connector before
putting in the GPU I had to scroll three
lines to see your note about
that dang
it so I guess that's coming back out
heck yeah is there it no that's really
not going in is it nope it
isn't B there's um oh wait I have an
idea maybe I can just take out the one
side that would be a very line of solute
oh wow that's really in there um oh yeah
that's no that's not moving at all okay
cool both sides are coming
out all right
Dan quick buy me some time uh uh uh uh
hello L and d uh I guess Alex is here
too don't forget about Alex I just
watched the new video on the land Center
is there an estimate on when lands could
start I'm graduating this year and a
friend and I would love to come make it
our senior trip thanks oh super cool I
think that's a wonderful question for
Chase uh Colin can you go find Chase
chase you know who chase is Chase Jes
like with yeah no he knows he knows he
knows Chase names are a little bit hard
for him because he's he's still kind of
learning um and like I I don't know what
is Chase is it a bank is it a person is
it a thing you do when you're running
after somebody so uh anything that has
kind of double meanings he's struggling
with a little bit but he's he's making a
lot of progress we're really proud of
him
all right let's uh which one is it still
good is there a particular one that it
should be maybe this one sure okay cool
hopefully you mean yes and not sure sure
is one of one of my trigger words when
someone says sure it
means I'm not going to think about it
right now and I'm probably going to come
back to you later and tell you that it's
not right well speaking of which yeah uh
our first display capture is over HDMI
oh
so then we're not
capturing well or we could just Yeet
HDMI in there right now and it's there
forever oh uh I don't think it's going
to fit Alex I don't think there's enough
clearance I don't that there's no way
there's no way yeah there's no way
look oh yeah not even close here no I
I'll show the people do you want to get
a drill from 105 no I do not want to
drill okay
we are not taking a drill to this case I
assure you that in spite of everything
that you've seen so far it is if you
weren't here at the beginning okay it is
a work of art and once we've got it put
back together it's going to look
absolutely
gorgeous we may have stumpe cables or a
right angle adapter fine we'll just live
without screen cap oh okay okay Dan hit
me oh yeah uh can you push that a little
bit because that would make this a lot
easier any interesting or favorite use
cases you found for the upcoming
magnetic Cable Management oh oh what was
a really funny one I saw someone do the
other
day oh yeah oh yeah in the workshop did
you see that someone put two of the big
ones on the back door the metal door no
okay okay so um we have uh we're good uh
we have door like uh security bars on
the on the door at the back of the shop
and so they're like the kind with like
posts and they and they slide in you
know here here here here here I'll show
I'll show you what they look like
basically like this y
yep okay so there are security bars that
make it harder to just like bash in a
door with your shoulder essentially so
they go in like this onto the door and
um so what they did was they took two of
the big ones put them at an angle like
this so that when you aren't using it to
block the door you put them in the
magnetic holders oh cool and they just
stay on the back of the door instead of
just getting hued on the floor so you
then pull it out of the magnetic holder
and then put it in place and they're
strong enough that they're a little bit
different from these ones but they're
similar in terms
of ruggedness and it's it's holding them
so I saw that and I thought it was
[Music]
hilarious this is the solution we have
over on this side I have a more
practical thing that's relatable for
people sure that I use it for so on my
desk
the legs are metal and they come down
from the corner and I have one just
right at the top that Clips in my
headphone cord as string relief so it's
just right there and then if I need to
take it out you just UNM magnet it you
can take your headphones wherever and
then you just put it back in and clippy
clip they are so useful uh lonus sir I
got a picture of a scribbled note from
Colin here uh it says can you tell lonus
Chase is at
Labs oh okay all right well Chase would
know when our first land is going to be
um they're telling us that building
construction will be done probably
sometime in the next two to three months
which means 6 months so we would want to
plan a land because we're going to have
to give people notice for exact dates
that they can actually you buy tickets
and be there so we can't have some vague
timeline so with that in mind probably
the first land will
be I'd say late summer or early fall is
our best bet that kind of make sense Dan
does that kind of seem feasible yeah
Dan's also going to be involved because
not only will the build the the building
construction have to be done but we'll
have to get our networking equipment in
there and set up in order to run a land
pres yeah we do still have a lot of the
equipment from LTX but there's a lot of
like backline infro that needs to get
done steam cash stuff like that
we can make it work we can make it work
okay uh do you have LTT cable ties I'm
allergic to these ones look how red my
hands are just from touching in on LTT
cable tie there you
go I really like a zip tie for like a
big bundle like this though so
you um I'll make it
work I will use the LTT cable tie and it
will be
grand a you're doing it like that yeah
that's way you can cinch
it
see cinch
all right yeah he did that to all of the
cables in my desk and it was horrible
cuz every time that I needed to move one
thing like even an inch after the Intel
upgrade I'd have to like go underneath
my desk like this to undo 14 of those
cable
ties okay look now it would all be
magnets not all yeah yeah that's true we
do have a solution for that that we've
been working on you just you know
you got your Intel upgrade a little
early that's
all and they're now AMD upgrades just
want to clarify that a AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade not Intel extreme upgrade Tech
upgrade I had wanted to find like a fun
uh you know reuse of an AMD acronym or
something like that for the AMD ones as
well but I didn't have time to think
about it and nobody else could think of
anything so you know I just found on the
table the SSD yeah the SSD no that'll be
fine yeah that just goes right here
it'll be yeah yeah that's easy we got
this no problem since when do we have
packs of four cable ties I don't know I
was wondering about that too yeah what
what what even yeah wait here I got a
whole thing got a whole thing here all
right Dan hit
me um okay um sorry wrong tab uh what's
your opinion about the Apple Vision Pro
is it the future or is it worth hyping
now I want to try it we bought one
obviously cuz there's no way we're going
to like not cover it um I have a I have
a deep interest in VR and augmented
reality I am
actually I have only gotten as far as
reading the instructions and charging it
but I just recently got my hands on the
noo
noio the wireless adapter for the valve
index so in a sense I'm not going to be
comparing the Apple vision Pro just
to a valve index or just to a meta Quest
3 or just to uh big screen
Beyond because apple is going to be all
about ecosystem it's going to be all
about experience it's going to be all
about what what are the use cases right
and when you talk about the use cases
for that product you have to talk about
the price it's pretty expensive so for
$3500 okay The Vision Pro has some clear
benefits right like it is a it is a
cordless
solution mhm like a meta Quest 3 sort of
got the the power Bricker whatever
um but so is a valve index if you spend
hundreds of dollars on a wireless
adapter for it or you oh Andy can I help
you yeah we have a top down oh we have a
top down oh there you go oh right that
makes sense haha look Let's uh let's use
that for the first time in the Stream
today yeah I forgot about that so you're
also up against like a kitted out with
third party accessories version of
something that already exists and I
think that's a really interesting thing
to talk about because on the one hand
with something like a Vision Pro yeah I
have the benefit of being able to use it
anywhere in my house whereas with an
index I got to set up base stations and
and they got to have power and you got
to be positioned and calibrate the room
and all that crap right that makes VR
kind of
inaccessible but
then with like I could I could also buy
a a wireless adapter for it that's
pretty cool are you just trying to
trigger Andy by doing
peels no Andy hates peeling things
um and then like the quest three man
okay so here's something like VR is
already inherently kind of a forever
alone
thing well the quest 3 doesn't have to
be forever alone at that point you could
buy I mean what what do it what does it
work out to like six of them or
something like that that okay one thing
that I always find is if you have the
choice between $60 game and4 $20 or $3
$20 games or whatever for you and your
friends you will have so much more fun
with four of them and so let's talk
about you know VR and AR what would be
what would be better for for you and
your and your and your your Bros right
to all pick up meta Quest 3s and you
know do room scale have like room scale
AR experiences together or to sit and
watch movies on your Vision Pro or
FaceTime on your Vision Pro and like man
you know how we talk a lot like in
writer meeting or like when they when
the uh when the business team will bring
us a pitch for like a a sponsored video
on like a projector or something like
that we talk a lot about how the
marketing for projectors is super
disingenuous not for the theater ones or
the data ones that are intended for you
know installation in a in a theater room
or like house of worship or a conference
room or something like that that those
ones are generally fine the ones that I
find really offensive are the lifestyle
ones those ones are so good like
remember that one that looked like a
trash can and they just had it like
sitting on a coffee table in the middle
of the room projecting onto a wall and I
go where are the
wires like even if you're even if you're
casting from your phone or whatever oh
terrible you're still going to need
power for this thing especially if
you're planning to watch you know Lord
of the Rings extended cut or whatever
like even the battery powered ones
you're you're still going to need to
plug them into power
um and this is
especially noticeable because a lot of
the time these installations are not
just it's sitting at the foot of the bed
projecting onto a blank wall you know
there's a there's a fixed frame
projector screen on the wall like this
is clearly a permanent installation it's
just it's silly right and apple is
marketing The Vision Pro in a really
similar hold on a second that's not
realistic kind of way like this is a
device that by Apple's own admission
only gets a couple of hours of battery
life or more maybe more than a couple
but it certainly doesn't have all day
battery and then they've got this uh
have you watched any of the of the
vision materials the one with M doing
her laundry yes packing for the trip
right yeah yeah so she's just casually
wearing her Vision Pro while she's
packing for a trip and she gets a
FaceTime call that she takes while she's
packing for her trip and it's
like look we all spent the last three
years in you know remote work hell where
okay I I had a teams meeting this
morning it took nine minutes for
everyone to get all their audio and
video sorted out and to make that's also
a team's issue In fairness yeah in this
case it wasn't though oh it was
just
stuff right and
so I support the idea of just like Fast
convenient easy
video it's F video calling you know
where everyone is just already ready to
go and it just immediately works and and
if Apple has managed to deliver that
experience well that's really cool
here's the power supply screws um but
here's the thing apple is so ecosystem
first that I have very little faith in
that so coming back to my point about
how or I mean really was Alex's point
about how much cooler it is for you and
five of your buddies to have something
where you're all on the same platform
and how the Vision Pro is so expensive
that realistically a lot of people are
not going to invest into this platform I
have some major concerns about who in my
in my circle is even going to have a
Vision Pro even if I do want to make the
investment into it so who exactly is it
that I'm going to be doing anything that
couldn't be equally handled by my iPhone
with FaceTime or just a phone
call um and you know there's the
argument to be made for you know the
expressiveness of of face to-face
interactions but there is no face
to-face interaction it's an animated
version those are weird and okay pretty
much everything that we take for granted
technologically speaking today started
out weird so I'm not even going to get
too hung up on that one personally I
don't disagree with
you but I do find it a little unsettling
at the
moment but you know even if we could get
over that I
just I think apple has a hugely uphill
battle ahead of them in terms of the
value of this platform and I think that
the way that they're antagonizing app
developers right now is not going to
help app Developers are mad and oh this
is a really interesting point that I saw
in the I was reading an article about
Apple's new app store policies that I
thought was actually really well done I
wish I could tell you guys which one it
was where the devil is my knock to a
screwdriver um I can't find
it uh I have backup screwdriver in my
backpack I probably have backup
screwdriver too I'm just really confused
right now because it should be here you
know what I I get it's probably fine
I'll find it later thank you very oh
that won't do
oh Dan has an OCTA if you want that oh
oh no I know where it is I found it I
found it in my mind I put it back in my
tech
sack
awesome uh what was I saying right yeah
the way that Apple's antagonizing
developers I think is going to be a
serious problem for them uh this in this
article they pointed out that uh
Instagram still doesn't have a dedicated
app for iPad OS Apple sells tens of
millions of iPads a year when you
compare that to how many Vision Pros
they're going to sell it's a tiny
fraction right so why at a time when
Apple is actively engaging in malicious
compliance um around European
regulations that are there to benefit
app
developers why do they think
that anyone is going to want to spend
the money to do them a solid and make
this a valuable platform Apple's
first-party apps are not going to be
enough to justify The Vision Pro and you
can I will say that now having not even
touched one yet that is just the
case so I I don't know I think it's uh I
think basically if Apple was a different
company they would have called it a
developer kit and this would be they
would not even be trying to launch this
as a as a retail product I I've said
that before about the Apple watch where
the first gen watch essentially was a
developer kit and that much was very
clear after the fact when they basically
disowned that thing uh series zero I
think people call it now because they
called the next one series one like okay
sure uh and like the first gen iPad was
like that too I think it got a couple
ios's and then the iPad 2 got like seven
you know like the first one was just the
first gotten child
absolutely it's like hey yeah in our
culture firstborn yeah you're the you're
the lowest
here hi how you doing not too bad yeah
that actually looks a fair bit better
yeah I think if we could stuff more of
this behind the power we're working on
he's working on okay Dan um why don't
you hit me after I do a quick shout out
for our sponsor xplit not everyone has a
super cool background that they can use
on their streams but with xits vcam
program that might not be necessary
anymore it'll let you remove replace or
blur your webcam background during a
video call live stream or recording so
your audience won't need to be
constantly staring at your unkempt bed
for hours on end or oh man did you see
that one recently where um it was like a
very serious political stream and then
this like guy who looks like he just
woke up and like chugged like half of a
six-pack just like walks through the
frame anyway um heck you can even use
the xplit Connect app on your phone and
turn it into a webcam if you're in a
pinch so check it out at the link below
and save 69% using Code Linus um and at
every end of the stream once again this
is sponsored by xplit uh yeah that's so
we were supposed to do that read like
when this computer was working but
that's fine oh okay well it'll work we
got ahead yeah yeah we're ahead we're
ahead on the stream you'd never know it
from how long it was
taking but hey it looks pretty good yeah
uh I'm a little worried about that side
panel stand
we need to move these a bit I see um you
know what we could do is we could cable
tie them yeah down here you got a cable
tie uh I definitely do oh I do
nice all right how do we want to you
want to go that
way yeah um I mean this is not going to
be our finest Cable Management either of
us but here if I hold it here do you
want to secure it uh sure wait oh
balls now Dan hit me sure uh what's it
getting secured too first we're just
securing them together I would go the
other way so you don't rip up the um the
breeding oh but then the L logo yeah
Alex has it right
yeah um you just want that yeah sure hi
LDA Tech is obviously getting better and
more powerful aside from performance do
you feel like we have already hit and
passed a golden age of the tech World
also ever considered a thumb
ratchet I've never considered a thumb
ratchet as for the Golden Age I think
every generation kind of feels like
theirs was the Golden Age and you know
looks back wistfully at the way that
they did things uh there's definitely
things that I feel
like really have golden aged already uh
gaming is one of them I
really
I I strongly object to all of the the
gambling that is so prevalent in in
gaming now and when I say gaming I mean
man I it's not even just gaming right
like the the idea of having constant
advertising for gambling on like sports
broadcasts and stuff like that that
would have been Unthinkable when I was a
kid and it does feel a little bit like
you know back when I when my day we
didn't uh we didn't think you had to
gamble on on every game and whatever
else but uh
um yeah
I'm the obsession with in-game cosmetics
and and gambling on them I I do think is
something that is is not Golden Era of
gaming compatible for me but in terms of
tech no I I think it just kind of keeps
getting better and I don't know I think
Gaming's gotten really good cuz a lot of
that was I feel more of a problem like
two years ago and everyone got mad
enough that a lot of the games that came
out last year
just completely got rid of like
microtransactions and stuff I me that's
a fair point you kind of make your own
gaming experience these days because you
can play any game from any era and you
can choose to only play games from
developers Like Larry and Studios that
refuse to embrace that nonsense and
there's so much variety now I mean yeah
I think there's a solid argument there
but one thing that I will counter with
is the prevalence
of developer only servers compared to
priv bad one like you will never be able
to play in 20 years when epic is bored
of fortnite 20 years is a long time
there's no way you won't be able to go
back and play fortnite with your friends
like you did when you were a kid and
that sucks that really sucks I I I
really don't like that but other than
that I think the I think the litness
test is think about some kind of tech
that you had when you were a kid or even
5 years ago you know 5 10 20 30 years
ago if you could would you throw away
your current solution to that problem
and go back to it right would I throw
away my Sono setup and my phone with you
know YouTube music on it and go back to
my disman no that would suck and I'm not
talking about people who are very into
the you know the experience of vinyl
records and who like the artwork and and
like to collect um I'm not talking about
collection I'm talking about the
technology the technology of vinyl
records is not better than the
technology of streaming
um artists might have something to say
about that yeah artists make a lot more
money on records and CDs so artists are
biased but that's a separate
conversation um and it's like I I
recognize my own biases in all of this
obviously streaming has been very good
to me YouTube is a great platform to
build a career on which is is something
I don't think anyone thought they were
ever going to say back when it first
launched
um but I think by and
large on demand streaming is a superior
experience compared to what I had to do
like if I wanted to hear a song again on
demand I had to wait for it to play on
the radio and then I had to go and run
like this is as a kid right um where
like I didn't have 20 bucks to spend on
every CD that came out so if I wanted to
hear a song again especially if I wasn't
that into the artist I had to wait for
it to come on on the radio I had to dash
to my tape deck press record hope that I
had you know primed it already so that
it was on like the next Blank Spot on
the tape and then if I wanted to listen
to it over and over again and I am that
kind of person where I'll get like kind
of hooked on a song I I got really good
at like playing the playing the rewind
button knowing about how long I needed
to hold it in order to rewind a song or
whatever that that was what I had to do
and it's like would I go back to no no
of course not that would be that would
be ridiculous compared to at a moment's
notice being able to conjure up
basically any song I could ever want to
hear and being able to load up you know
a sound hound or Shazam or whatever
people use for that these days and
identify any song that's playing
anywhere near me I mean Google does it
natively now that's so awesome yeah but
so so cuz remember you don't get to pick
and choose you don't get to say okay
well yeah I would I would like to have
vinyl records but I'd also love the
convenience of just like having my phone
identify a song and immediately download
and stream it for me sure you can I do
that every
day that wasn't the question
though would you go back to would you
give up everything you have now to go
back to the old way the answer is
absolutely not not even close not even
for a
moment
but okay occasionally in fact just the
other day I went through and was re
thumbing through my Final Fantasy 6
manual physical games yeah I that's what
makes me kind of appreciate what people
are into with the whole record thing uh
personally I am I'm
too efficiency-minded to actually use a
physical cartrid like I would emulate a
game when I own the console and I own
the cartridge I would just emulate it
I'm sorry I'm not I'm not getting up and
going and plugging that thing and that
is just absolutely not happening it's
not my
jam but I get it I get the colle ctor
aspect of it so I went through my Final
Fantasy 6 manual because I was giving it
to Luke he's playing it it's one of my
favorite games that he had never played
and so we have a deal where I'm playing
Titanfall 2 watching uh Pirates of
Silicon Valley and watching hackers
which are some of his most beloved media
and then he has to play Final Fantasy 6
um and so I wanted to give him my my
manual because I know he's super into
like physical game boxes and and manuals
and and artwork and stuff like that and
they really were cool like the the
concept Dart was so uh was so much more
important back then when the finished
game looked absolutely nothing like it
cuz you had like you know what 30 pixels
for a Sprite or you know 50 maybe um so
you see this you see this drawing of
what Tara Branford is supposed to look
like and you're like oh that's so cool I
can kind of see it anyway sorry uh what
can I do for you uh so it's peripherals
time because we're about to turn on the
computer yes we are I guess do you want
to just turn on the computer first h
sure yeah uh do we have a monitor in in
mind oh do you have it already or oh no
okay which one the G the G the gigabyte
one the G oh this one yeah okay we need
a display port which yes we do no I got
oh yes no this is HDMI in here yeah uh
Dan do you want to hit us with another
merch message while we uh buy some time
oh one one more thing you should talk
about the SSD or I can it was a Sab
rocket 4 plus 8 tbte which chose it
because I had already installed Windows
on it and also there's only two m.2
spots on there so uh lots of storage
how'd you end up with such a baller
utility drive 8 terab rocket 4 plus I
walked down in the warehouse and picked
it
up like a $900 drive but whatever uh
1,500 actually
sure oh yeah sure correct
him oh wow okay uh this is not
necessarily the most elegant system but
if it's stupid and it works it's not
stupid check this out that right angle
goes like
that
okay maybe if you had five months to
build a case um you know a back panel
pass through with uh you know what what
would they be male to female extenders
or something like that embedded in it
might be nice cuz it'd be a little
easier to hook up dual monitors that way
but this works and you could still you
could still do dual monitors if you did
a right angle one on the one side and a
left angle one on the other side oh yeah
yeah left angle is a thing by the way
that's a that's a term is there
something flying around in here what I
thought I saw something moving out of
the corner of my eye maybe going there's
a bat or a bird that got into the studio
okay it doesn't matter the point is that
left angle is a thing that exists it's
the opposite of right
angle uh Dan hit me are we ready are we
we ready to start the system I just
throw it up also no that's not a thing
by the way here we
go and naturally there's no RGB pretty
much whatsoever because this is a classy
build not classy with an
i it's going to be a little bit on the
motherboard I guess Oh Hey where's our
side panels at
oh Do not drop Do not
drop don't do it man every time we do
one of these streams I'm all we should
do these more often these are fun and
then every time it's two or three months
before we do another one I don't know
why that is why does that keep happening
hey it boots though fantastic 4700k all
32 gigs of RAM running at a measly DDR
54000 yuck we're going to fix that and
new CPU installed awesome okay Dan go
ahead and hit me oh where did I actually
am not sure that I have any more I think
we've gotten through all of them okay uh
let me hang in the chat and I've got
I've got one here from jawood juice sure
uh they say uh tea it's it's just a
lowercase te take what off that's it the
panel that's all they that's all they
said okay sorry I'm listening Dan that's
fine uh yeah I'm not entirely sure
anybody else got any last minute
questions here for us yeah hit us up
guys those uh fans are plugged into the
power supply directly or are they
plugged into some kind of fan controller
uh they're plugged into the CPU header
oh that's odd uh I also turned off CPU
fan detection because it was annoying me
earlier cuz it wasn't plugged into there
okay so we can fix that yeah we can fix
it
okay do you want me to do that while you
talk through these peripherals that
you're so KY
about no okay we we can just finish this
okay sure uh it's not quite in place
there it is okay get no no I'll oh jeez
no no I got this i got this it's all
good it's all good all
it's
infectious I guess uh any Nas software
updates probably nothing yet no yeah I
didn't think so actually yes uhoh but no
but yes the update is that I will
hopefully have an update for you in the
form of
screenshots in the coming probably month
or so and I I talked to I've talked to
them about it I basically said okay look
uh the people on Wow are asking about
this they're really curious about what
you guys are doing when's the soonest we
can show them something and they were of
the mind that it might be better to wait
until we have a functional demo like not
not demo even like like almost like a a
pre-alpha where it kind of works and
we'd be able to go through the setup
Wizard and everything ourselves um and I
basically was like okay but that's
probably going to take a long time can
we do anything a little earlier and they
said okay well we can at least show
people what the design is going to look
like and I was I was pretty into that uh
okay I still don't have peripherals
though coming back to oh yes the actual
task at hand here Alex what cars are you
looking forward to this year anything
uh let me think oh there's the new
Porsches that are electric those are
probably fun oh the mechan V yeah uh yes
but there's there's also the is there a
Cayenne or not a Cayenne a a Cayman
electric Maybe
is there I don't think that's coming
this year I think that's later uh but
what is probably also coming this year
is um or either this year or next year
is a tyan turbo GT which is supposed to
be oh yes stupid new nurburg ring record
two seconds behind the
NAA and I think it's like 10 seconds
faster than the plaid or something like
that
like she's spicy she's spicy ionic 5
apparently oh yeah ionic 5n right seems
cool honestly the ones that I am
simultaneously most excited about but
also most disappointed in are some of
the really cool stuff from the Chinese
Brands yes like which one is it it's not
BD it's a Neo that makes that like hyper
car gowing looking one that someone has
an early Impressions video up now of and
they
were kind of
disappointed with which is unfortunate
for a car that's
$150,000 but then the specs like the onp
paper specs are mindboggling so I just I
just want to try it I'm just I would
never buy it but I'm super curious
anyway tell me about this why do we have
this this looks like it came from the
tech shop it came from
mibc so someone actually had a return
for a water
bottle and they sent this back do you
want to just read it it was addressed to
me but you can give it a read mibc is
our distribution warehouse like our
third party Logistics warehouse for LTT
store uh so they sent this with their
water bottle return Yes for
Alex viewer alleged worst typing
experience
ever useful for a YouTube short or a
float plane exclusive for Alex reacts 2
for comedic
value times one take on phone camera
quick and dirty not worth more than that
also could be used as a lonus penalty
gimmick in a video I estimate the value
at $0 cuz nobody is going to want to use
this no I did not do that to the USB
cable your guess is as good as
mine uh okay enjoy the Linus proof
packaging all shipping material has been
used at least once before keep please
keep reusing it to keep it out of the
landfill love it um okay so I guess I'm
being punished for some reason I don't
think I did anything wrong today and I
did let let the stream go a little bit
over time I think Vance is hovering now
waiting for me to be done yeah it's just
about 3:00 is that okay I don't know is
that is that a joke yes it is actually a
joke I'm sorry okay I mean that's kind
of neat right yeah it folds which
is a thing that it does um it locks
Matias was one of those brands that one
of our people at NC was like yeah these
guys great I'm like that's
that's just a normal ass mechanical
keyboard what's special about this thing
it's it's for Mac what does what does
that even mean uh anyway this is a
folding keyboard it doesn't seem to
really lock and position particularly
well there's a little springloaded thing
here that seems to be designed to keep
it there but it does an okay job as long
as it stays flat on it on the table
okay oh there doesn't seem to be
oh yeah that is confusing somebody
folded this cable and then put heat
shrink on it I couldn't even begin to
explain why they might have done
that cool okay what are my other
peripherals and why why are we doing
this oh I just thought it was funny oh I
see I do have other keyboards if you
want something no no I insist on gaming
on it
now the thing that really got me is just
how much hair there is in it and you
didn't comment on that which I found
surprising maybe you just didn't notice
but what you want get a bit of a closeup
here
yeah yeah that's gross um okay you
brought the bamboo wireless mouse yeah
from the Allwood PC but then you also
brought something really good yeah uh
which one do you want are we going
bamboo we can go bamboo but also it's
like kind of terrible so I kind of just
want to use the pulser instead I'm going
bamboo all
right maybe I'll just do maybe I'll just
do the opposite of what Alex wants for
the rest of this
stream it's my That's My Punishment back
at him giving me this keyboard okay what
else we got I don't think I need uh
audio peripherals really would hate a
raise that would
suck I guess I kind of walked into that
one the good news is I am not in charge
of that
anymore all right so are we just going
to go for it XMP enabled and see what
happens sure okay I'm a little confused
by this it shows up as ddr5 4000 here
and then 5600 here but that's cool and
the speed is 5,500 there okay and it
goes to 7200 if we enable XMP let's just
see if it just immediately Works what
are our odds here I'm going with 1 and
10 you're not going to you're not going
to guess what our odds are I've already
tested it so I know the answer oh well
that's no fun lus has a history of
putting things together that have been
tested and then they don't work
anymore look he knows I'm he knows I'm
right that actually happened very
recently with the
um what was the PC that we just that we
just built that didn't post and then and
then it did no no it wasn't it wasn't
thread Ripper there was an AMD thing
that you uh you didn't wait long enough
for it to post cuz it takes like 3
minutes to do the ram train was that was
that it I don't I'm not sure remember
there was there was definitely a recent
one I think Elijah was involved oh that
makes sense I don't know
anymore oh so it just immediately worked
apparently wow is that what you were
expecting uh yes oh good okay well
that's amazing do we have other XMP
profiles if we want can I please quiet
these fans good gravy that's annoying uh
how sure are you that you're plugged
into the CPU header and not the pump
header because that should not be that
[Music]
loud any
dice come on
buddy are these four pin fans plugged
into a three pin extension by any
chance
uh no it's a four pin
extension okay well we're going full
loud then because we're already booted
into Windows all right Dan you got any
other
comments yeah sure I think I got one
last curated one here hey lonus and Alex
if you had to pick a piece of software
and would get to force the developer to
add one feature what software or feature
would you pick apple and side loing oh
that's a good one got him can I choose
valheim and the game just getting the
updates oh salt I love it ouch by the
way speaking of ouch this is quite
possibly the worst keyboard I've ever
typed on yeah did you try it before the
stream uh it's really bad it
has I would say individually no key is
the worst that I've ever touched but it
has by far the least consistency out of
any keyboard I have ever touched listen
to this my
friends okay can you can you hear that
guys y
okay oh my
God so when you're typing you have no
idea how hard to press because any key
could be any Force requirement
could you move it up I yeah I can I can
yeah I can move it okay so let's get
Hardware info up
here going hard then GPU temperatures
let's throw up our CPU
temperatures oh man this is not going to
struggle it's like like 29 degrees right
now or something stupid like that okay
GPU y good and uh doometernal I guess is
the game we have we have many games but
we do have Doom Eternal as well oh we
need to update the Nvidia driver
oh no uh Jaa juice has suggested the
typing inconsistency might be the
hair well I'm not going to try and get
it out because the only tool I have on
hand is my
tongue you know you want there actually
not that there's not any hair over on
this side so I really don't I actually
don't think so no it's just a really
truly awful
keyboard uh I don't have internet oh
yeah that that's good oh wait we we
don't even need it we don't I they
downloaded the drivers yesterday and
then because the card wasn't released
and video got mad at me oh really no not
actually like the drivers were just like
unsupported C oh got it got it got it
got it got it and I could have gone to
Gary and got the ones that Nvidia sent
us but I'm going to hang out with Dan
while we wait hi Dan hi how you doing
going how's chat doing yeah chat's doing
well they want you to lick it yum mem
lus tongue tool I am not going to lick
the keyboard see this Elijah says you
should you what is Elijah okay now you
have to he's been chatting the whole
time he's waiting for you apparently I
think you got to do something after
this lunch after this is what I have
after this Elijah yeah um you guys
wonder why we talk to the merch message
people this is what Happ the merch
message this is what happens when we
talk to General chat you should twitch
is just oh no no no that can't no yeah
no
Seether Quality quality of interaction
goes merch messages Flo plane
chat twitch chat and then somewhere
below the floor would be YouTube chat
for these live streams it's just it's
like a a law of the universe lick the
chat one does not speak of
twitch all right never mind I'm going to
come hang out with Alex I think you
picked well I take don't come don't come
back over here okay yeah that's Nvidia
installer cannot continue we need to get
the new ones oh
good wait but the card's publicly
released now it should be yeah it's it's
available now okay cool we have fast
internet that is now done uh you know
what why don't I monitor chat myself and
see if Dan's just curating the very
worst I wouldn't put it past him no this
you read it yourself I will I'm going to
read it
myself D this is full of quality
interactions lus if you and Alex had to
debate the best approach to passively
cooling an RTX 490 what would it be CU
we saw that come up on Reddit recently
where someone is trying to passively
cool a 40 or 3090 I think or 3080 or
something like that yeah with a giant
hunk of copper that has a bunch of CPU
heat sinks strapped to it
and Alex and I were discussing that
because I don't know as much about this
as he does but I think I know enough to
know that that won't work plan because
copper even though we think of it as
being extremely conductive uh both
electrically and thermally is not that
conductive compared to if we take that
thermal energy and we put it in some
liquid evaporate it have it go somewhere
and then condense and then run back like
that moves heat real fast so you had
some thoughts about how we could
actually take that project idea and turn
it into a reality right I want he I
think it was Vapor chamber with heat
pipes on top how on Earth would we get a
vapor
chamber that big oh you don't need to
the vapor chamber only needs to be like
this big and then you just heat pipe the
other stuff oh I see but the heat pipes
are also just so you don't dry out the
vapor chamber which is like a pretty big
problem right and so by dry out the
vapor chamber you mean that so much heat
is going into it that can't be moved and
dissipated that it just is all
evaporated yeah and also Vapor Chambers
can do weird things where one area can
get really hot and not get cooled while
the rest sort of stays cool I see it's
weird anyway I made that up that was not
a message in the chat they were meing
about licking things I just I was
teasing
Dan I told you I told you did did the
system crash just reboot what did that
just did something just happen while we
were talking about Vapor
Chambers
uh I it crashed during the driver
install which is like a really bad time
for yeah it's it's not happy at all
uhoh so you know how I said that I
tested the ram before it was like not
perfect it kind of act a little bit
strange at time it absolutely crashed
during the driver install okay
uh you know
what it's pretty it's not the fault of
the case let's just have a look at the
cool oh the Ram's
mad oh jeez uh you going get a closeup
oh oh oh do we have a
system we don't here Andy come look at
the pretty computer oh it's very unhappy
all right we're we're going into the bio
dang it
Alex
oh
all
right there it is finished computer I
actually really like the look of the
back of it these 3D printed grills ended
up looking kind of
awesome and as much as I kind of want to
meme on the RTX 480 super for being
still really expensive and not really
being that super compared to the regular
480 the new all black paint job really
does look kind of
awesome so the fan says it's
spinning at 600 RPM right
now which one this one which I think the
bottom one is and the top one isn't that
top one is
going that's like at least 2,000 RPM
maybe 3,000 I'm not sure which FAS these
are that's fine realistically I don't
don't think it really matters
Alex
okay what are you setting the ram to uh
I'm seeing if we have any options oh we
do oh how many different XMP profiles
does it have oh man one of the
frequencies we can choose is 7800 MHz
I'm sure that would work right great to
be clear we're not blaming the RAM for
this it's very possible that's somewhere
between possible and probable that it is
validated for
7800 uh the issue is that you have to
have a CPU that has a strong enough
integrated memory controller that it can
handle these speeds anything above J
deck is technically overclocking and
anything above what Intel and AMD
recommend in their literature is
definitely overclocking uh what did you
settle on I went for 7,000 really it's
it was like pretty close
before all
right and that still is like it's a nice
number
sure Transit biker wants us to swap the
ram disc or the RAM sticks between the
two slots that shouldn't matter if
you've had success with that in the past
I would say it's more likely that it was
simply reting the memory that made the
difference selmore says if that doesn't
work try 6900 MHz yeah I definitely
should have just gone to
that the real B bam
doesn't want us to finish without a
working PC like okay yeah we're not
going to personally I don't think it
really matters we only intended for it
to be pretty and made of wood I don't
think that anyone actually cares what
the performance is the performance is
what a 4080 and
uh uh core i7 14th gen is but no okay
people disagree okay they want a working
computer no yeah we we need a working
well Windows is not happy no Top Gear
1224 I will not be upgraded to the tyan
GT that would be a spectacularly
wasteful upgrade it's already more car
than I pretty much know what to do with
get
man what now that okay see Advanced rep
oh uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then
just
continue yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it'll
be fine I don't know yeah I might be
bored yeah the the NVIDIA drivers are
really really
unhappy
bad memory is a really easy way to Brick
uh Windows
install come on come
on how many instances of Crisis can it
run simultaneously right now zero okay
so yeah it's it's a oh oh we got further
than last time we have a spinny ball
that's yeah it crashed any plans to
visit the hner data centers in Europe
not at the moment I actually don't have
any plans to travel to Europe Taco asks
if there's an update on the Badminton
Center
branding yes
um
ooh let me see if I can find it I might
be able to find that for you guys I'm uh
turning off XMP for now okay and then
we're going to try and go into like safe
mode oh my goodness that's fine I'll try
and run interference for
you uh bedminton
operations okay I think I'm shared on a
folder for all the stuff to do with
smash Champs
but I I don't know what it is I can't
find anything in Google Drives these
days in Google Drives in Google Drive
these days I've been having that problem
too it's it's been extremely frustrating
smash CH okay yeah here's a folder maybe
it's in here uh Partnerships that chart
decisions
confirmation drop in and whatever we're
doing work we're doing work I assure you
we're doing work I just don't know where
any of it is because it's not really uh
it's not really me who's handling it day
to
day oh oh I've got something
okay personal done waiver Biz proposal I
think this is it I think this is
it we just blue screened FYI oh no dang
it well
okay here's the old here's the first
deck that Sarah put together just kind
of asking for some some
guidance um you know do you want
something that's more bold do you want
something that's more you know sporty or
something more fun and trendy uh but we
have we have new progress since then let
me go let me okay let me see I'll see if
he's
here
Dan do you have any good ideas of what
to do here get the NVIDIA drivers happy
what seems to be going on uh so the
computer crashed while we were doing an
Nvidia driver update okay and now the
drivers are completely borked uh you'll
have to use like uh ddu I guess rip them
out in safe mode yeah safe mode with
networking ddu and then install them
that way oh let me get your mic back on
there you go oh Advanced options uh
troubleshoot how do I get into stupid
God I hate it uh you need to go like
Advanced startup or something like that
is that no I forget it used to be so
easy oh yeah ADV Advanced options
Advanced options yeah this is where I
was yeah startup settings and then yeah
go that make sure yeah so hit next and
then it'll reboot and then you'll need
to go into uh safe mode with networking
get ddu on it and then
Nukem uh let's
see man it was amazing to me how many
people's comments on that video were
just like badminton is a
thing like
yes there were some really good
suggestions though um a lot of people
brought up pickle ball pickle ball is
like I think the fastest growing sport
in the US right now or something like
that it's crazy fun if you guys haven't
tried it before it's an absolute blast
um I've only played a couple of times
but I just was it I jumped right in and
was like having an amazing time it's
it's actually legitimately really fun
and it doesn't require it doesn't have
nearly the same cardio requirements as a
sport like tennis or one like badminton
so pretty much anyone can get into
pickle ball which is one of the reasons
that it's getting so popular because
seniors are playing a lot of pickle ball
so super cool uh yes that's a very good
idea and yes that is something that uh
we are planning on offering so
particularly in the mornings we were
thinking it' be cool to have one side
segmented off for pickle ball and then
the other side for badminton the court
lines are almost identical uh and we
have confirmed that the flooring
material we're using which is going to
be a um a rubber anti-shock Layer Two
plywood layers and then a synthetic
sport floor layer over top uh it behaves
quite well with the whiffle ball that
they use for pickle ball so there's only
one difference in the lines the line for
the kitchen which is you could think of
it kind of like a crease um so the line
for the kitchen which is like a keep out
Zone really close to the net to keep you
from just standing right at the net and
just whacking things down is I think
about 6
in closer than or farther from the
badminton service line so we were kind
of just thinking I don't know if pickle
ball people care that much they can
bring a piece of masking tape and put it
down while they play or if they don't
care care that much then neither do we
and they can just have a slightly differ
sized kitchen uh but other than that the
facility will be compatible and we're
going to try and come up with a way to
quickly and easily move our Nets up and
down that's another compromise they'll
be badminton Nets probably because
pickle Bell Nets are more like tennis
Nets they use a like a like a braided
steel uh cable for the top and they're
quite a heavier Duty net but
realistically it's a whiffle ball people
aren't hitting it that hard if you have
a bad Minon net it's probably fine it
just means that in instances where it
hits the top of the net it hits the tape
and it kind of rolls over it'd be a
little easier for that to happen with a
badon style net so there could be some
some purists who would prefer to play
pickle ball somewhere
else
um but yeah I know that it's not really
that big of a thing in North America but
badminton
is huge outside of North America and
it's a really great sport it's really
fun uh is he going to send me that
document or that link hey uh Vance can
you please check with jquan when and how
he's going to send that because I I need
it like right now if I maybe he maybe he
didn't understand I meant so that I
could show people on stream right like
right this
second uh what style of Nets are you
using they're going to be just the
really heavy bases we've already sourced
them from
Victor uh do you plan on bringing
beatsaber streams back yes I just have
been really busy I have not had time I I
do plan to do them some more Dan has a
question uh yes Dan how are we going to
protect the floor for the land parties
we aren't okay so that was the reason
that we ultimately or I shouldn't say
the reason that was a major reason that
we ultimately went with a synthetic
sport floor rather than a hardwood floor
if it was hardwood and
someone I don't know someone's roller
chair had a wheel fall off and they put
a big gouge in it I would be so sad so
so sad uh whereas with a synthetic sport
floor they're pretty robust this is the
same kind of thing that typically gets
used in like an elementary school gym
and in fact the very product that we're
using I went to an elementary school to
see it installed it had been there for I
think about eight or nine years grab a
chair drive it across daily use uh had
had the just the crap kicked out of cuz
not only did they use it all day for
school uh but they rented out the gym
for events at night and yeah yeah it
looked great makes a lot of sense great
um and they will often you know whether
it's for um a Christmas concert or
whatever else often drag chairs and
tables and stuff out onto it yeah
nobody's going to care right so we are
definitely going to want to be cognizant
of that our chairs and our tables we're
going to want those caps for the bottoms
of them so so that we're not just
beating it up for no reason at all and
we'll have control about chairs coming
into the the building and things like
that right but if you guys were looking
at me going wellz sir are we going to be
able to do chair curling my answer is
would it be a land party without chair
curling hell yeah yeah so yeah we're
there there were a lot of different
options that we considered and we ended
up with this because it worked for
badminton pickle ball and land
parties wasn't
cheap but it was versatile so this is
really messed up yeah uh I booted into
Windows Safe Mode Che this look at this
yeah what is Asus system product
name yeah uh but I got ddu uh through my
laptop on a USB drive we have it now
hopefully when this restarts it comes
back and it like is a system cool in the
meantime we can do some more Q&A this is
fun uh when should he sent to you on
teams oh send to me on teams oh I don't
have teams open because I'm streaming
well there's your problem right there
lonus all right task that that makes
sense here we
go oh my
goodness time to sign into to things man
I
just uh Andy do you mind going a
different direction while I type my
password yeah yeah yeah
okay
cool oh we have a we have a computer
again heyy look at that a desktop
wallpaper there's no
networking um H minor issue maybe it'll
figure itself
[Music]
out
okay okay so so there's a handful of
options I'll I'll show you his his
personal uh I won't say favorite I don't
think it's necessarily his favorite so
uh okay if you're in the local badminton
Community you might know Jonathan Quan
he's going to be working at smash Champs
so he's been doing a lot of uh behind
the scenes stuff in the leadup to launch
um he's a super passionate guy can't say
enough good things um yeah hi jquan if
you're watching this anyway so he
actually has a background in graphic Des
design and has been working on some
logos and stuff in addition to just some
of the more operational um operational
things for us and this one was one that
he thought was really cool cuz it kind
of merged uh you know badminton and the
kind of bold look that we had said we
wanted from the previous deck and
Technology because it has like a QR code
that could go straight to our Pro Shop
or to um booking our website so if we
were to put our logo on things like
water bottles and
t-shirts um you know anyone could just
be wearing the logo and someone could be
like oh yeah smash Champs where's that
oh I don't know just scan my shirt with
your code and I was like that's really
cool in a
2009 you know 2010 11 kind of way but
why don't we go with something that's a
little bit
more kind of straight into the point so
here's another option that I really
liked thought was really cool and then
the one that is probably closest to what
we're going to settle on is is uh this
one so nothing too far outside the box
or anything like that but pretty clean
kind
of Y I think we're probably going to
move the medor style shuttle up here uh
make these speed lines a little bit
shorter so that it fits more tidy into a
square or a rectangle you know like
logos do but that's kind of pretty close
pretty close to what we're headed to
towards
yeah really excited about it a lot of
people have asked why uh am I not
allowed to just am I not allowed to just
you know think a sport is really cool
and be passionate about it and you know
want there to be a place for people to
play and dang it anywhere other than
Richmond where all the clubs are uh
there's a couple in Port kitum but other
than that there's pretty much nothing
outside of Richmond and uh it's been a
big frustration for people in our
community because the community centers
here have run only a couple sessions a
week they fill up like that like
seriously if you are not on the phone
with the number already dialed ready to
press go or if you're or on the website
with everything filled out ready to
press submit you won't get a spot and it
just it sucks so we'll have an actual
dedicated facility
now where the heck we're not opening a
gymnastics gym Elijah
uh thanks for the
update
uh secret Labs put NFC tags on the
chairs could add that to merch yeah yeah
that's pretty
cool people are talking about live music
in the chat Alex is working on ethernet
Drive
first we could just game over Wi-Fi
that's really bad sure I have antennas
oh yeah we can sell the antennas then it
would be Wi-Fi that's kind of good uh at
least there's supposed to be a bin of
antennas here oh I thought you meant the
motherboard box oh I mean that makes
sense too that's also an
option I wouldn't have thought of it but
it's good here we go perfect yeah so
this computer was uh pretty unhappy
oh it's oh oh no I love how this went
from build a computer stream to
troubleshooting stream well actually
that's how it always goes first it went
to shoot the breeze stream then it went
to troubleshooting
stream there's briefly I install a
radiator for 40 minutes or whatever
stream all right oh man do you want to
game on it I I would love to you can
wrap this thing up show the people
actually first tie a nice little bow on
it or or do we go and enable XMP again
nope nope not even a
little it it lost its privileges
yep all right we've got Hardware info
yeah how's our cooling going to look
probably pretty solid I mean that's a
280 mil radiator it's going to hit 100
degrees but that's just cuz it's Intel
got to love
it
see 96 yep and heaven forbid the water
heat up a little bit you can actually
see it right on the cooler Andy
99 it's good number strong number but it
still is drawing 300 watts so like the
cooler is doing its job
mhm what that means is that we could
experience some thermal slowdown if we
had our GPU running Full Tilt because it
would be drawing hot air into the
radiator which would heat our liquid
which would mean that
if we're hitting 100 now then it would
want to hit 105 or 110 if the coolant
were 5 or 10 warmer um that's going to
cost us some power but for gaming
unlikely to make a difference also uh
32,000 incen bench is pretty darn
good so I think we can say that CPU is
working oh sorry Andy yeah Andy missed
it that's okay all right what do we want
to play we can play whatever you want
let's go with Halo
infinite if I can win with this mouse I
can win with anything oh yeah the
keyboard too oh gosh this keyboard what
oh wait what oh wa we still need to
install the NVIDIA drivers oh I forgot
about that I was just really happy that
it was like working is it this one yeah
nice and hopefully it won't crash again
that would be a
plus oh man normally this stuff happens
behind the scenes you got to love
it there's one thing that I like it's
unstable
Ram I don't understand why it's
struggling with heat so much ventilation
looks like it should be good question
mark question mark from Alexander um
it's not struggling with heat well it is
struggling with heat but not in the way
that you might think it has nothing to
do with the ventilation of the case this
case is doing a great job of having
almost a completely open back and then
almost a completely open front that it
can draw air across the entire system
and then exhaust it out the front the
problem is that Intel's current approach
to CPU design has them building these
monolithic dyes that have these super
dense cores in them so the actual area
so so even though the CPU is this big
the die is only
like I don't know about this big and
then the actual compute on the gu is
like some subset of it cuz the rest of
it is connectivity or the GPU memory
controller all that sort of thing so
most of the heat most of the power comes
from those transistors that are
Computing well well that that it's all
coming out of this tiny little area and
like we were saying earlier copper is
only so conductive it's actually not
that conductive so what we're trying to
do with a liquid cooler did it just
crash again while doing the drivers I'm
not sure
maybe so what we're trying to do with a
liquid cooler is we've got yeah a copper
plate that's sitting over top of that
that's pretty conductive and allowing
that heat to come off of those off of
those cores and then into the coolant
where it gets cycled up to the radiator
and the heat is dispersed to the
surrounding air and then presumably is a
little bit cooler when it gets brought
back to the CPU but there's a bottleneck
there as as that heat has to pass
through the integrated heat spreader on
the CPU as it has to pass through the
copper the copper base as it then has to
pass from the copper to the water
there's an efficiencies there you can
only move that heat so fast so that's
why you can have an epic server CPU that
draws 400 watts and runs at like
55 cuz it's huge and the cores are all
over the place there's so much more area
to pull that heat away from the CPU
through whereas this thing it's like
this big and all that heat is
concentrated there so if you could take
like uh if you could put theoretically
if you could put liquid nitrogen in a
syringe and just it at that spot that
would actually work a lot better than
trying to use you know ambient cooled
liquid with a with a copper plate in
between
but this is what we have this is reality
so Intel either needs to move towards uh
like a tiled CPU design that's less
dense or they're going to have to get
their power consumption of their
transistors
down I have a new theory yes how good do
you think that Riser is
oh and is it Gen 4 good cuz my guess is
that's probably why it crashed all right
yeah let's go Gen 3 well that makes
sense driver oh it's under um uh I think
it's just
miscellaneous I was already in Mis yeah
yeah platform MK configuration and then
uh just have to go down a
bunch like I feel like it should be in
here
yeah okay it was definitely in
miscellaneous on the board that's in my
system cuz I just had to change this in
the NCI PC yeah in mine it was like or
the last one that I used it was down
here somewhere try PCI
subsystem no that's like above 4 okay
yeah never mind
go figure it out yeah we're just going
to go into all of them he's a smart boy
is there a
search I have I don't remember time when
I've
checked what about APM what's
APM I don't
know one war devices would seem like one
that I
know oh it could be like um a PC PCH
thing PCH and system AG up at the
[Music]
top
pess really only the m.2 ones are
configurable there oh okay that kind of
makes sense because those would be the
ones that are connected through the
iub
okay well sorry Alex where the heck is
it we're just going to have to play find
the setting we're looking for in the
Bios like it makes no sense that there
would be in any of these but I just kind
of have to check them at this point yeah
PCI subsystem settings that's where
would want to look for it yeah it's not
in CPU configuration right cuz
technically those lanes are running off
the CPU
so wouldn't be in here but no I don't
know
n
h it wouldn't be an AI tweaker like make
no
sense it's got to be in advanced
somewhere let's see chat's probably
Shing at us
uh no it seems people mostly just agree
that it's really stupid that this is not
that hard to find lonus was like why
don't we do these more often LMO 4 hours
later uh they said it should be where
bifurcation is but I didn't see it there
yeah cuz that was in PCH that was in
here PCH press configuration is just
grayed out m two link speed we can
change uh well that's a downer
H yeah so it seems like it is actually
just right
here but is grayed out which is kind of
concerning
huh neat very
neat
uh
can I just drive for fun for a sec sure
yeah you you can do whatever you want I
will happily not use that keyboard yeah
it's pretty awful okay so let's look at
AI tweaker just in case you know tweaker
Paradise sometimes has weird
stuff yeah it's definitely weird stuff
in there but I don't see anything
related to that it shouldn't be here it
should just be in platform miscellaneous
configuration or something up here
okay system agent yeah no it shouldn't
be any of this it should be where we
were
looking here we go oh my God okay so
what was that under I don't know okay I
just started methodically going down
everything and opening every menu until
I found
it like honestly that's the most it's
the most practical way to deal with this
these days because you know in my mind
pcie would be under like CPU
configuration or uh PCI subsystem yeah
like that's in my logic that's where I
would put something like that but no I
don't know it's wherever that
was that's how I bios yeah exactly clip
it twitch chat so we'll all know where
it is from now on all right let's try
and install this bloody driver I would
also say let's just redownload the
drivers in case it just corrupted when
it it shouldn't it shouldn't oh in fact
oh it's just working in fact it managed
to install before it crashed well that's
exciting I think we're about to game
folks you know in some ways I think this
is some of the most valuable content we
do though because it gives people that
look behind the curtain at the the like
the troubleshooting so they don't feel
bad when they go through the same thing
with their
system oh yeah it doesn't get easy like
nothing we do Works ever yeah yeah yeah
like everyone has problems guys that's
why honestly one of the I think the most
valuable things that Labs could do in
the longer term is put together like you
know how we did that uh video
benchmarking different communities like
PC choices so we did PC part picker r
slash build a PC for me LTT Forum did we
do one more I think it was just the
three we we got I got Reddit I don't
know yeah I think it was just the three
uh anyway the point is that that was
really cool but the problem with those
things is that that person who's
recommending that has not actually
plugged that thing onto that thing in
many cases and so what I think would be
really cool with Labs is if we could
have like really curated like hand
validated Parts lists for people where
we you know Lucas goes through and tests
200 power supplies and it's like like
yeah these 10 are great by the way we
hand validated these two so that you've
got like an AB option when you're
shopping in case this one's out of stock
or this one's on a like a bad deal right
now or whatever the case may be I I
think that would be really cool what's
long that's Pie in the Sky Pie in the
Sky long-term thinking but that's my job
now
sorry say hi to electroboom he's in the
hey what's up
medy and his computer's even powerful
enough to process the chat
now did you see that video oh yeah that
that thing was not a good-look computer
that goo that was coming out of his
screen mhm that's not fake that was not
goo that he got on his screen it was
coming from the screen that was oozing
out of his screen what even could that
be I don't know because the screen
worked Essence sko I don't I don't know
I have no explanation for it but it was
nearly impossible to clean from my hands
I probably poisoned myself from touching
that goo oh do we have frame view was
the Liquid Crystal H
Xbox that's okay I have it memorized
just uh if you don't mind looking away
Andy I'll just take a
second oh my God I can't type on this
keyboard oh W actually a
problem
oh
wow the o just randomly activated when I
pressed shift
at I I don't think I've ever seen
anything quite like it this thing is
garbage it is
e-w wow uh Dan do you have any more
merch messages or anything else from the
chat that you've been having a look at
not really I mean somebody asked if
there was ever going to be a music
production PC uh what else a lot of
people have been talking about some
other things too uh it's the Liquid
Crystal part of the
LCD I don't
know okay Microsoft might defeat me here
I don't know if you guys watched that
short circuit recently where we ended up
in a signin Loop where it would say we'd
say sign in with a different account and
it would bring us right back to the same
account we'd say sign in with a
different account it would bring us oh
so if you sign in and when it does this
again you just like alt f4 then maybe
it'll work the second time it's okay I I
got it oh it
worked the
code this best practices if I'm going to
preach it I have to live it but I hate
it so
much oh uh tbug on Twitch I'm sorry I
was reading there yeah I know right our
Dell e4750 laptops atw do the same thing
with the leaking
goo okay mine hasn't started leaking goo
what is is the goo I'm scared of this
now I didn't know there was goo in our
Electronics that's gross pull it
out I know that they're made of Magic
Smoke like that's how they function but
otherwise is it Liquid Smoke liquid
smoke that sounds kind of nice that
seems that seems like a possibility I
want brisket all right got my bronze
ranking let's
go I have no idea what my actual MMR is
but I've got my bronze
rank all right what else you guys got
here microplastic jelly PV and LCD jelly
I love
it I would not lick that jelly there's
absolutely no
way isn't the G and GPU for
goo and he wants the computer closer oh
yeah sure so you can see that on the
screen at the same time yeah absolutely
isn't it pretty it's really
pretty man if there's one thing I could
change about Halo infinite it would be
the time between deciding H I'd like to
play some Halo infinite and actually
firing a weapon the Lo the initial
loading for this okay so first you have
to sign into to your Microsoft nonsense
if it's been a little while which
happens to me sometimes I don't have a
ton of time for gaming then you've got
to wait 1,000 metric years for that
loading bar which is like I I don't I
don't know what exactly is it is it
doing is it is it processing shaders
every bloody time I launched I I don't
know then you have to go through like
you guys probably saw that there was
four or five screens of some stupid item
or skin or season I don't care about any
of that that you have to get rid of then
you've got to wait around for the queue
then you've got to wait around for all
the other players to load because you're
a baller and you have an SSD and a fast
computer then you've got to wait around
for it to cinematically show you the map
I don't know because sure I guess this
is going to help me find my way around
then you've got to wait around for every
jackass on your team to flex the Skins
they spent way too much on and try to
make you jealous or something so you'll
spend more stupid money then you finally
get to play the game also this is taking
way longer than it normally
does so uh I think it's I think it's
borked me and my friends have not played
this in like a year because the last
time the last three times that we tried
to we just couldn't get into a game oh
yeah don't don't forget the struggle of
actually managing to get into the same
fire team with your friends yeah and so
then we just like decide we're never
going to play it again we were like we
can just go to the Master Chief
Collection or just like any other game
that's not this
yep but hey you have to see you know
everyone's chatted out skins or whatever
you know I didn't properly appreciate
this bamboo Mouse until we did that
video recently with some other like
crappy commodity mice and I've
discovered just how usable it is uh
something that I kind of took for
granted in the past
who I missed that was some terrible
shooting I got a response here from medy
on YouTube chat the goo on my computer
was touchscreen related maybe it is
there to absorb shock anyway I'm walking
on my treadmill watching on my new
computer walked 3 km
soart all right lus is thinking too much
yeah sorry I was listening to Dan talk
while I was trying to kill a guy um
and like I mean yeah sure listening to
Dan talk makes me want to kill a guy but
like doesn't make me good at it no no
I'm kidding I'm kidding Dan I love it I
we can get some more practice I I love
your I love your stuff that you do when
you talk anyway the point is we did a
video recently on oh got distracted we
did
a we did a video recently on these
peripherals that we bought at the
Canadian equivalent of Harbor Freight so
if you're not American um Harbor Freight
is where you would go to buy a $4 wrench
all right just to give you just to give
you some idea of what we were dealing
with here uh so it's a store called oh I
love this gun uh it a store called
Princess Auto
and what Drew our eye to them was how
much they looked like razor
peripherals no no get come on all right
cool no takes a really long time to
reload okay that was terrible anyway the
point is they were absolutely unusable
you move the mouse any faster than this
and they would completely lose tracking
like actually stop moving on the screen
whereas this uh this wooden Mouse from
product name bamboo Mouse brand
unknown actually usable I kind of don't
mind it I mean it's it's not great it's
not the best mouse ever or anything but
yeah it's usable it's
usable a it's trying to go in for melee
kill and all four of them were there was
a pretty ill ill-advised plan just like
it was an ill-advised plan to try and do
this build on stream good job everyone
Although our CPU was at like 55 degrees
in that game pretty sick and we forgot
to open Hardware info so the GPU was
something but probably
fine all right do you want to shoot a
shout out mxc build again yeah made the
case yeah looks right sick yeah go
follow me on Instagram or the YouTubes
or for the Etsy you can get the plans
for this exact case yeah and then you
could make it yourself yeah yeah for
1392 Canadian yeah that's like 10 bucks
us oh we should also shout out xplit
again we'll have a link to them in the
video description you can get 69% off
great tools for broadcasting and screen
sharing background removal all kinds of
good stuff bye